ID	Question	QuestionDetails	Topics	NumberOfAnswers	LawyerName	PracticeState	AnswerDetails
1	"Q: I own 49% of a website, & the domain holder part owns 51%. Do they have the right to take profit or the site from me?"	what rights do they have over me as a majority?	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: A local business lawyer can review the governing documents and advise. 

Please Take Notice: I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information. It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents. I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience. I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
2	Q: How much does it cost to file bankruptcy?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Timothy Coe	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: That's a difficult question, but I will try my best. The filing fee for a chapter 13 has just been raised to $281.00, and for a chapter 7 the filing fee is $306.00. We charge $1,500.00 for a Chapter 7 in attorney's fees, and $2,500.00 for a chapter 13 (probably going to rise shortly because the courts have raised them). There are costs like a credit report that we use ($30 for an individual $60 for a couple) and every person filing bankruptcy has to take two debtor education classes, the prices for which vary (sometimes depending on where you live)."
3	Q: where can i find a form to motion to change the hearing date for a graudianship in indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: If the clerk of court doesn't have such a form, either online or in the clerk's office, you will probably have to draft your own motion."
4	Q: I have been named as a devisee or a distributee in my uncles estate. Does that mean he is leaving me something????	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Timothy Coe	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: Typically yes, but a will is never final until the testator dies. One does not have heirs or devisees while alive."
5	Q: If child support checks were mailed and I moved and they were sent back how do i track them?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: if you are the recipient and assuming your divorce is relatively recent(10 yrs or so)the courts typically require payment through the clerk of court.  you need to notify the clerk of your new address. the clerk would have record of what it received and where it was sent. in our firm, attorney adam sedia,has alot of experience in domestic relations matters.  feel free to call him with questions."
6	"Q: Can i file a 156B form myself and does it have a time limit on it ,also can i do a title search myself?  thank you!"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: I am not familiar with or do not recognize what form you are referring to.  However, you can do a title search yourself.  I do not recomend doing so unless you are familiar with how a chain of title works, how to look for liens and judgments."
7	Q: Are patents good in other countries?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: You must file for patent protection in each individual country in which you want protection. Usually companies select which countries to seek patents in based on where the biggest markets for the invention are located. The costs for patent protection varies considerably from one country to the next, so you should discuss your options with a registered patent attorney.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
8	Q: Do I need a lawyer to handle my workman's compensation claim?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Workers' Compensation"	1	Nathaniel O Hubley	Workers' Compensation Lawyer	"A: Normally, probably not. Most workers compensation matters can be resolved informally without an attorney. The system is set up to be self-governing. This means that the employer and its workers compensation carrier has specific obligations and must abide by those obligations. Now, if you get the feeling that you are being taken advantage of, then you should consult an attorney. If you think you are not being treated fairly, I would recommend getting an attorney. Most attorneys offer free consultations and will be able to tell you what your options are and whether you actually need an attorney."
9	Q: Where can I find out the actual law on the washout period when it comes to drunk driving? This is for the state of IN	null	"Related Topics:
            
            DUI / DWI"	1	Paul Stanko	DUI & DWI Lawyer	"A: The Operating While Intoxicated statutes are found at Indiana Code 9-30-5.  A misdemeanor charge of Operating While Intoxicated (or the ""per se"" violation of operating over the limit) can be enhanced to a felony if the person has a prior conviction of OWI within five years of the instant offense.

Here is the pertinent part of that statute:

""IC 9-30-5-3

Class D felony; previous convictions; passenger less than 18 years of age

Sec. 3. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), a person who violates section 1 or 2 of this chapter commits a Class D felony if:

(1) the person has a previous conviction of operating while intoxicated that occurred within the five (5) years immediately preceding the occurrence of the violation of section 1 or 2 of this chapter;"""
10	"Q: My husband filed for bankruptcy in 2002 or 2003 it is still listed as open on his credit report, how can we fix it?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Only the filing of a Bankruptcy is reported on a credit report, not if it is pending. A Bankruptcy can appear on a credit report for upto 10 years."
11	"Q: I got a state trademark registration in Michigan,"	But now a similar business is using the same name for a store across the border in Indiana. Do I have any rights?	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: If there is actual or likely confusion caused by the similar name, you probably have rights that can be enforced. Both state law and the Federal Lanham Act allow claims for infringement of trademarks, even if there is no state or federal trademark registration. You should consult a trademark attorney for a more thorough answer.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
12	"Q: I am on probabtion in Fort Wayne, Indiana. I showed up for my drug test and they told me it was yesterday. What can i do"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: you better get ahold of your probation officer immediately!
13	"Q: Can you get your Indiana Carpenters Annuity Fund (not pension), during hard times? We are about to lose our house!"	"We NEED that money and they said to write a letter of hardship and it would be brought up at the quarterly meeting. We did just that and we paid $18.00 to send it priority, they signed for it and DIDN'T bring it up at the quarterly meeting!!!! This may have been our last chance before our house goes into forclosure, which, by the way, we have been paying for for 12 years and didn't run into too much trouble until my husband was layed off after working as a foreman for 10 straight years! I feel that they have put us in this position and now that we need help, they won't even give us SOME of the money out of our annuity to catch up our mortgage and keep our home. I was just wondering if there was any loophole or anything that we can do to get some of our annuity. I just want to make it clear that this annuity is NOT our main retirement plan. It is a secondary plan forced on us by the union. This is NOT our pension, it is simply an annuity. Thanks for your time!"	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Michael Bartolic	"Chicago, IL"	"A: While the Internal Revenue Code does permit, in order to maintain tax-qualified status, some plans to allow for certain hardship distributions (e.g., 401(k) plans), it is unusual for a defined benefit or annuity-type plan to provide for such distributions.  If this plan so provides, whether or not you can take the hardship distribution depends on whether you meet the plan's definition of ""hardship.""  Plans are not required to offer hardship withdrawals, but if they do the plan can be more restrictive about what is a ""hardship"" than otherwise permitted under the Tax Code."
14	"Q: Following a request for a support modification, my ex is filing for custody.  How do I find a pro bono lawyer."	"When facing homelessness, I asked my ex to take the children in until I found a place to live.  He said no.  When I was getting beat by my former boyfriend and asked him to take the kids.  He said no.  When my sisters were going to file for custody because of said beatings, they asked if he would take the kids.  He told them no.  Now he wants them after 8 years?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You can contact Indiana Legal Aid and/or the local probono office for the area where you live. You can find the local pro bono office at www.in.gov/judiciary
15	Q: I filed for divorce nearly a year ago and my wife will not sign the papers.  We had no children or property together.	We also do not share any debt.  Do I have to re-file or can I just petition the court to finalize and force her hand?	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Depending on whether she ""appeared"" in the case you may be able to just ask the court for a default."
16	Q: Filed for divorce now my husband won't let me see the kids without him present.police won't help me.no money to hire	Lawyer he cleared bank account.We had a written agreement about visiting the children and he broke it by going home early while i was at work and my mom was at the house watching them. i had asked him to please stay out of the house while it was my day because he had followed me around yelling and fighting in from of our kids. so i found a nice apartment for me and the children and he won't let me take them there! I have been their primary caregiver and this is tearing me up inside to be without them.	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If there is not a court order, you need to ask a court to approve your written agreement.  At that point, the agreement can be enforced by the court and if he violates the order, he can be held in contempt by the judge.  You may be able to qualify for pro bono services or if you live in an area that has a law school clinc, you might qualify for discounted legal services.  Otherwise, there are forms at the Indiana Supreme Court Web Site that may help you.  Also, you may be able to obtina a court order requiring your husband to pay for your lawyer fees."
17	"Q: I was adopted in late 60's,how do I open the records?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Adoption"	1	Burton A. Padove	Family Law Lawyer	"A: Indiana has a very comprehensive program concerning the opening of adoptions.  Ehow has an excellent How to article

http://www.ehow.com/how_6689642_open-adoption-records-indiana.html"
18	Q: Can a employer make you work 48-65 hours  a week with no extra pay and then make you take an extra day off bi-wkly instd	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: The Fair Labor Standards Act requires that any time spent at work over 40 hours per week is paid overtime. Which means at least time-and-a-half. The Department of Labor enforces the FLSA or you can file a private law suit.

Best of luck!"
19	Q: The house and car are in my name only. They were aquired while married. She has moved out and we have no children.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: What is your question?
20	Q: If a federal grand jury is held on a person what is the percentage that he will be indited and how long will it take	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Each case is different so there really is no percentage not any way of knowing how much time a grand jury will take to evaluate the evidence and return an indictment.
21	Q: Does putting up a website make me subject to being sued in any state in the country?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Internet Law"	2	Timothy James Walton	"Aptos, CA"	"A: Anybody that can pay the filing fee can file a lawsuit. Your question is whether a court in another state could exercise personal jurisdiction over you. This question is extremely complex and depends upon a variety of criteria. The leading case on the subject, Zipp Mfg, suggested a sliding scale, where it would depend upon what the web site contains. So, for example, the more interactive the web site, the more likely it would be to furnish jurisdiction, where a completely passive site (like a fixed billboard) would be less likely to result in the exercise of jurisdiction. 

I fear I have given only the briefest snapshot, but if you google the Zippo case, you should come up with tons of secondary discussion about it."
22	Q: Former employer informed many business owners I stole $100K from him.  Untrue.  Defamation?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: yes
23	Q: Is withholding or destruction of potentially exculpatory evidence grounds for dismissal of charges?	"A friend is being pressured to plead guilty to charges that she provided controlled substances to a police informant on two separate occasions.  The friend states that in the first instance, a third party admitted the informant to my friend's home without her prior knowledge or approval and the two of them bullied her into providing pills, for which she did not request payment.  Prosecution, despite repeated entreaties, has refused to provide the original digital recording of the event, saying that the chip was reused for recording other evidence.  A disc of the transaction provided leaves out passages where my friend says that she was alarmed and the defendant was behaving in an erratic and threatening manner.  Prosecution maintains that no recording of the second alleged transaction exists."	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Paul Stanko	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: You are referring to a ""Brady"" violation.  Sanctions may be imposed by the court for serious Brady violations.  Theoretically that could include suppression of evidence possessed by the State, or even dismissal in an extreme case.  An attorney would need to convince the court that the destroyed evidence prevented the defendant from presenting a viable defense, thus violating his right to a fair trial."
24	Q: Can I make and sell model cars that are based on a famous Indianapolis 500 car?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: This would be risky if you did not have the permission of the car designer and/or driver.  The care could be covered by a design patent.  Also, there is a somewhat famous case in which someone who did exactly what you propose was found to have violated the ""right of publicity"" of the driver.  In Motschenbacher v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., 498 F.2d 821 (9th Cir. 1974), the court found that infringement had occured because the design of the race car was so famous, that it was associated with the personality of the driver.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
25	Q: Do I have any commercial rights over my own photographs?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: It depends on what you mean by your ""own"" photographs. If these are photos you took, yes, you probably own copyrights to them. If someone else took picture of you, they would own the rights to them. However, you may also have a ""right of publicity,"" which would give you the right to prevent others from using the photos (or any other likeness of you) to sell a product or service.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
26	Q: What is the difference between a trademark and a service mark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A trademark is used in connection with products (such as TIDE for laundry detergent), while a servicemark is used in connection services (such as ROTO-ROOTER fo plumbing services).   Some marks can be both a trademark and a service, such as DAIRY QUEEN, which is used for both restaurant services, and, for products like ice cream cakes.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
27	Q: Can i be fired for discussing wage cuts with non-co-workers ?	June 29 th i was fired for alleged customer abuse for discussing a major illegal wage cut for pizza hut delivery drivers.   Doesnt that violate my first amendment right to free speech ?	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: indiana is an ""at will"" state meaning employment generally can be terminated for any reason except for constitutionally protected areas like race, sex,age, ethnicity,retaliation for exercising a right. you might have a claim but need to contact a lawyer that concentrates his/her practice in employment law. you are welcome to call our firm's rich long for a free consultation. he is very experienced in employment law and should be able to give you guidance."
28	Q: I need a form to respond to a summons in a debt collection case.  Where can I find it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	Timothy Coe	Collections Lawyer	"A: Along with the summons should have been a ""Complaint"" to respond to the complaint you need to file an answer. These are very simple to do. Simply copy the heading on the complaint until it gets down to the word ""complaint"" in stead of complaint you type in ""answer"" then you respond to each of the numbered paragraphs by either admitting to the allegations or denying the allegations. This part is where attorneys are worth employing because even if there are true statements in the allegations you may want to deny that allegation in order to make the collector prove it. If there is still time you should consider contacting an attorney for help with this case. You can of course contact me, but the cost of an attorney might not be worth it if the amount of the debt is small."
29	Q: If I have been seperated from my husband for five years are we legally divorced by Indiana law	He got somebody else pregnant	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: No.
30	Q: What can be done if my son was in a church van going to fast and busted his nose due to braking fast?	"My son and other children were in the church van, they said he was going really fast when all of a sudden, he braked fast to avoid hitting a car,  my son busted his nose on the window as he was looking  out, he bled for 20min then taken to the ER where he continued to bleed for another 15min. he bled later that night and the next day taken out of school for 2 nosebleeds, do I have a claim? He has a concussion just found out."	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: For the ER bill?  Probably.  File a claim with the church's automobile insurer.  There may be no-fault personal injury coverage, otherwise it appears that the driver was negligent.   But don't look for a large payday; I don't see much in the way of damages (other than, as I say, the ER bill)."
31	Q: Should I use an attorney to get a trademark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You are not required to hire an attorney, but if you decide to prepare and submit your own application, you must comply with all requirements of the trademark statutes and rules and may be required to respond to legal issues raised by the the Trademark Office. Because the application process can be complex, many applicants hire an attorney to represent them. Your local Bar Association website may offer a referral service to help you find local attorneys who practice trademark law.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
32	Q: How do I owe money if I did not steal anything?	"So, my previous place of employment terminated me about two weeks ago on accusations of stealing a store owned iPad mini. They had video camera footage of me removing the iPad mini from the office, and taking it to the downstairs stockroom. I used it to log into the companies internal website to access a few store apps, which are the same apps I use on my store handheld device. Two different devices, but doing the same task. This was the first time I had the idea of using the iPad mini to do the same work. Anyways, so instead of putting it back where I found it originally, I left it in one of the stores stockrooms by accident, and forgot I left it there. Apparently no one found it, so they called me into the Loss Prevention office and had a chat with me. During this meeting, I took them downstairs to get the iPad from where I left it. They got the iPad back, and there was nothing wrong with it. Three weeks go by. They call me into the LP office again, this time"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: You did not have permission prior to taking and using the device, and there is probably a statute which says they can sue you civilly."
33	Q: How do i go about getting guardianship over my daughter?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	A: You will need to hire a lawyer in many counties. You will need to have a Doctor's opinion on a court form or testimony before a judge that she is not medically capable caring for her person or assets.
34	Q: I'm looking for a criminal defence attorney for a serious felony case. in southbend. Who would you recommend ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: marty kus is one of the best criminal lawyers i know in that area. he is in laporte.
35	Q: I am being sued by CP productions for piracy. They are represented by Steele law firm.	Do I need a lawyer? I didn't do it.	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: Yes, you need an attorney. The laws regarding piracy are very much in favor of the owner of the intellectual property rights. Moreover, in most piracy cases, if you are found liable, you can be obligated to pay the attorneys fees of the IP owner, which can easily run into tens of thousands of dollars. I say this based on my experience in defending around 300 persons accused of piracy.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
36	Q: WHAT DO I DO IF MY ATTORNEY ISNT HELPING ME AND WE HAVE A WRITTEN CONTRACT	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Timothy Coe	Consumer Law Lawyer	"A: I think some more information is needed to answer your question. Specifically, what the case is about, when the case arose or was filed, what your attorney said she would do, and how you think your attorney is not helping you. If there is a contract with your attorney and she is simply not performing any of her duties under the contract, you should seek out another attorney to help you. But without further information I don't want to speculate or direct you to take any other action."
37	Q: Does Indiana uphold a guardinship ruling from another state?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	1	Burton A. Padove	Divorce Lawyer	A: Generally speaking yes. I believe that the foreign order of guardianship needs to be registered in Indiana.
38	"Q: Can someone using my trademark as their domain name, be forced to give it to me or stop using it?"	If someone is using my trademarked name as a domain name registered in the USA is there any way I can get them to stop using it so I can register it?	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: it depends.  there are alot of factors. you are welcome to call our adam sedia to give him more detail and get an idea.  there is no charge for the phone call. you can check him out on our website:  rubinoruman.com
39	Q: A neighbor's tree fell on my home. Who pays to remove it and dispose of it properly?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: the easiest and most direct way is to contact your homeowners insurance agent. he/she will get the claim process going. however you probably have a deductible on your homeowners. if the cost to remove is not significantly higher than your deductible then you may want to contact the neighbor's homeowner's insurance company.
40	Q: Can my spouse get a 2nd morgage with out my signature with their name on first morgage	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: If your name is on the property, it is theoretically possible but not typically done. There are too many problems in enforcing the mortgage with that split ownership to skip adding both spouses on the mortgage."
41	Q: If someone enters your home do you have the right to inflict harm to the intruder	If you have additional details about your question fill them here	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: The relevent parts of the Indiana Code are contained in

IC 35-41-3-2

Use of force to protect person or property

Sec. 2. (a) A person is justified in using reasonable force against another person to protect the person or a third person from what the person reasonably believes to be the imminent use of unlawful force. However, a person:

(1) is justified in using deadly force; and

(2) does not have a duty to retreat;

if the person reasonably believes that that force is necessary to prevent serious bodily injury to the person or a third person or the commission of a forcible felony. No person in this state shall be placed in legal jeopardy of any kind whatsoever for protecting the person or a third person by reasonable means necessary.

(b) A person:

(1) is justified in using reasonable force, including deadly force, against another person; and

(2) does not have a duty to retreat;

if the person reasonably believes that the force is necessary to prevent or terminate the other person's unlawful entry of or attack on the person's dwelling, curtilage, or occupied motor vehicle.

("
42	Q: Child Has Head Injury.	"What can be done if my son was in a church van going to fast and busted his nose due to braking fast? 

More details: 

My son and his sister were in the church van, they told the driver a long with other kids your're going to fast, when all of a sudden, he braked fast to avoid hitting a car, my son busted his nose on the window as he was looking out, he bled for 20 min then taken to the ER where he continued to bleed for another 15 min. he bled later that night and the next day taken out of school for 2 nosebleeds, two day's later we found out he has a concussion and still in pain."	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: You can talk to a lawyer about making a claim against whichever drivers were negligence in the incident. 

Please Take Notice: I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information. It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents. I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience. I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
43	Q: I sent in a copyright application on which I had to state the year I was born.  Can I delete that from the public record	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: No. When you register a claim to copyright in a work with the Copyright Office, you create a public record of your claim to copyright. This record cannot be removed from the public record once it has been entered. All information you provide on your copyright registration will be available to the public and some of it on the Internet. Next time, consider whether you want to include a birth date, nickname, alias, or any other optional detail you consider to be sensitive on your application.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
44	"Q: Do a married couple in Indiana has the same rights for property, such as a house? Can one spouse only decide to sell?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: It depends on how the last deed of record (meaning on file with the county recorder) reads. If it includes the words, ""husband and wife,"" then, no, both spouses must sign because the property is a tenancy-by-the-entirety.

If the deed omits those words or says ""joint tenants with rights of survivorship"" or ""tenants-in-common,"" the selling spouse can sell that spouse's partial interest only. The remaining spouse has no obligation to sell, absent a court order such as in a divorce decree or separation order or decree of partition.

Beware that partial interests are not worth what you think. Selling a 50% interest is rarely likely to obtain 50% of the fair market value of the property. 30-35% is more likely."
45	Q: Do I have to register my trademark for it to be valid?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: No. You can establish rights in a mark based on use of the mark in commerce, without a registration. However, owning a federal trademark registration on the Principal Register provides several important benefits, including: Public notice of your claim of ownership of the mark; A legal presumption of your ownership of the mark and your exclusive right to use the mark nationwide on or in connection with the goods/services listed in the registration; The ability to bring an action concerning the mark in federal court; The use of the U.S. registration as a basis to obtain registration in foreign countries; The ability to record the U.S. registration with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Service to prevent importation of infringing foreign goods; The right to use the federal registration symbol ® and Listing in the United States Patent and Trademark Office’s online databases.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
46	"Q: Does a sub-chapter ""S"" corporation need a minutes book, and if so, can annual meeting minutes be kept in any binder?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: Any Indiana business corporation -- whether it is taxed as an S-corporation or a C-corporation -- is required to keep certain records specified by Indiana Code 23-1-52-1, including, among other things, minutes of all shareholder meetings and meetings of the board of directors. Those records must be maintained permanently, with at least the last three years of them kept at the corporation's principal office. Unless the corporation's articles or bylaws impose more specific requirements, they are not required to be kept in any particular form. In fact, they don't even have to be kept in a written form if they can be converted into a written form in a reasonable amount of time. In other words, records maintained in most common electronic forms -- such as on a computer's hard disk -- are fine. NOTE, however, that not all businesses taxed as S-corporations are actually corporations. Limited liabilty companies (LLCs) can also be taxed as S-corporations, and the recordkeeping requirements for LLCs, at least in Indiana, are considerably less stringent. Those requirements are listed in Indiana Code 23-18-4-5, and they do NOT include minutes of meetings. Again, the articles or operating agreement might create more stringent requirements -- and good business practice might also dictate maintaining minutes of member meetings, etc. -- but there's no statutory requirement for them."
47	Q: I aws in hospital due to complications with cancer and missed the inal hearing what can i do.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If the final decision seemed unfair to you, then you should contact an attorney to file a Motion to Set Aside under the catch all provision."
48	"Q: Im almost 18 and i want to know if i can get a visa, i have been here for 5 years and missed a court."	"Im an immigrant in the United States, I came here because immigration let my mom come here but we needed to go to court every week but my mom did not went the first court meeting(i was 14 i couldnt make my own decitions)...and know im almost 18 i want to know if there still a chance for me to get my visa?...please help me out is really important to me to know this."	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Camlinh Nguyen Rogers	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: The stated facts create a complex case, and are insufficient to provide legal advice. 

You should sit down with an experienced immigration attorney, who will investigate the facts and counsel you with solution for your case. Most careful and liable attorneys would not respond to complex cases questions without understanding specific facts.  Good luck.  www.aba-us.com"
49	Q: Can we sue over someone bad mouthing us?	My husband repaired someones vehicle. He charged them considerably less then he has charged others for the same repair. Approximately 2 months after the return of the vehicle it started acting up again. When my husband found out he tried to make contact with the owner to check the vehicle out.  The owner would not return communication though. My husband checked to see what warranty was on the parts he had purchased to put on the vehicle. We have now been informed by 3 different people that the owner of the vehicle is saying that my husband ripped him off and has not made any attempt to fix his car. He is also threatening to sue us for the repairs. Two of the people that have contacted us about the threat of a lawsuit and the defamation are repair shop owners whom my husband works very closely with for his job. Do we have legal recourse for liable in this case and if so what kind of attorney should we look for?	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: I would say that the best thing to do is that if you get sued by the car owner to counterclaim for defamation, and any other tings you might be able to think of. Defamation is a complicated area of the law, so I'd recommend talking to a local lawyer to whom you can tell all of the facts within the attorney-client relationship. 

Best of luck!"
50	Q: What will happen on 1st offense shoplifting and no criminal record? Paying my bond	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: If you're not going to hire an attorney, you need to take a quick look at http://www.in.gov/legislative/ic/code/title35/ar43/ch4.html, which sets out property crimes in Indiana.  If you are charged with Theft, it's a D felony punishable by a sentence of 6 months to 3 years, with an advisory [or starting point] of 18 months.  Any or all of the sentence can be ""suspended"" [held in abeyance] and you could be ordered to serve it on probation.  Of course, if you violate probation by committing a new crime or by breaking other rules that you have agreed to follow, you can have your probation revoked and you can be sent to jail/DOC to complete your suspended term.

The Court has the right, if you have a clean record as you say, to treat the D felony as a misdemeanor, either at the time of the original plea/sentence or wait to see if you satisfactorily complete probation.

The case can also be charged as an A misdemeanor conversion, which has a maximum term of 1 year.  Under Indiana good time credit provisions, if you behave yourself, you get TWO days of credit for every day you serve in jail and now . . . with a recent law change . . . if you serve it on home detention.

Having said all of that, I'd be SHOCKED if you received anything other than probation . . . unless you were shoplifting a $2500 washer/dryer set or something similar."
51	Q: Does the Patent Office set the fees charged by patent attorneys for a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: No. The price is  between you and your patent attorney, and the Patent  Office takes no part. To avoid misunderstanding you may wish to ask for estimate charges for: (a) the search (b) preparation of the patent application, and (c) prosecution.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
52	Q: What will happen on 1st offense shoplifting and no criminal record? Paying my bond	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Often times the prosecutor will take all of the facts, including a clean record, in to account when negotiating a plea.  You need to retain a lawyer to attempt to negotiate on your behalf.  Possible punishment for a guilty plea ranges from probation to jail time and/or a fine."
53	Q: Can the prosecutor force a whitness testify? When key witness is a minor and family member of the person on trial.	And what is the protocall for the prosicutor going to the home of the key witness and threating them that if they dont testify that they will be arested.	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: 1.  If you are served with a subpoena, you must appear in Court.  Be aware, however, that the Lake County Prosecutor sends out something that looks almost identical to a COURT subpoena, but it's simply a notice that they want you to come to their office and talk to them.  You do NOT have to do that. You might want to check with a lawyer to make sure that it's a COURT subpoena rather than a ""prosecutor's"" subpoena.

2.  If your testimony in open court may possibly result in a perjury charge, or a false informing charge, you have the right to claim a 5th amendment privilege.  The 5th says you can not be compelled to provide information that may help convict YOU of a crime.  I'd suggest you talk to an attorney before you do that.  You can hire your own or, if you are indigent, request that the Court appoint a public defender to represent you. At the beginning of your testimony, advise the Court that you might need to take the 5th, and that you'd like to have a lawyer appointed for you [again, if you are indigent].

3.  In MY opinion, a prosecutor threatening arrest should be turned into the Indiana Disciplinary Commission.  The prosecutor has NO authority to have you arrested; only the JUDGE can do that.  And again, there is NO REQUIREMENT that you talk to a prosecutor before your testimony. Prosecutors tend to get arrogant after they've been prosecutors for more than 6 months or so and they think they have the right to bully witnesses.  They don't.

4.  With regard to Mr. Polen's idea about having a subpoena quashed, good luck with that.  Unless you're an expert who wants to be paid for expert testimony, or a newspaper reporter, I can't think of many other situations where subpoenas have been quashed in criminal cases."
54	Q: Can probation be modified down from 17yrs to less of a sentence after let's say 5yrs of good behavior and other stuff?	"After being released from prison only severing 1 year of a 14 year doc sentence and 6 years probation, my sentenced was modified to 1 year served, 1 year house arrest, and 17 years probation. Since being released I have paid all my fees, did all my community service, maintained good behavior, clean drug tests every month, completed bachelors degree, and have had a full time salary job for 3 years now. I'm on my 3rd year of probation and was seeing if I could or can get a lawyer to go back to the judge with myself and after a few more years, let's say 7 years served of the 17 of probation, get my probation either terminated or reduced to let's say 10 years so then I would only have 3 years left to serve at the point instead of 10 more years? Long story short, can I get my probation modified?  Thank you"	"Related Topics:
            
            Appeals / Appellate Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Appeals & Appellate Lawyer	"A: Here is a link that might be helpful:  http://www.getoffprobation.com/terminate-indiana-probation 

Consider doing an internet search the next time you have a legal question."
55	Q: What are the responsabilities of a guardian inlightment advocate?	What are the rules they have to go by>?	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: The Guardian As Litem is appointedby a judge.  He or she is to determien what is in the best interest of/ (a) child in a custody battle.  He or she are governe by the order of appointment, any local court rules that may apply, and the Indiana Code."
56	Q: My company is welding pool cover fabrics without propr ventalation.its poising me. Could i get compensation?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Workers' Compensation"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: You should alert the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA). As far as getting compensation, you would need to file a worker's compensation claim if you are injured and have to go to the hospital. If the employer fights the worker's compensation claim then you need to hire a lawyer because these cases get complicated. 

Best of luck!"
57	Q: Divorcing after 40 years of marriage do we split each others Social Security or do we just keep our own?in	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: You need to go see a local family attorney for a full discussion about this matter. It is not as simple as you would like to make it. There are many determinations that have to be made and this particular issue may eventually be up to a judge to decide.
58	Q: Need to know what I have to do to establish residency in Indiana to file for divorce?	How is residency determined for divorce filing?	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: At the time of the filing of a petition for dissolution, at least one of the parties must have been a resident of Indiana for at least six months immediately preceding the filing of the petition with the court.  Furthermore, in order to have ""preferred venue"" (to get the case before the ""right"" court either party must reside within that county for at least three months prior to filing.

So to answer your question, you and/or your soon-to-be ex-spouse will need to have a place that you make your home and live there for at least six months prior to filing for divorce in Indiana."
59	"Q: I want to use pictures on my website, but don't want to pay for them. The bloggers don't seem to pay - why should I?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Vincent Thomas Lyon	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: If you don't want to pay, then you can either use photos you own the copyright to, use photos that are in the public domain, or ask nice and maybe they'll give you permission.  (people always seem to forget that last option)"
60	Q: One of my employees designed a great logo for my business. Am I safe to use it without paying them extra for it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Good question. If the logo is copyrightable, and making the logo was not within the scope of the employee's job, then the employee may own the copyright to the logo, meaning it could not be reproduced without infringing his or her copyright. However, the circumstances are highly fact specific, so you should consult with a copyright / trademark / intellectual property attorney for a more precise answer.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
61	Q: Do i need a lawyer if charged with forgery?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Paul Stanko	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Forgery is a felony.  Any person accused of a crime should always seek representation by a competent criminal defense lawyer.  If you cannot afford to pay an attorney, you should still ask the court to appoint a public defender to represent you."
62	Q: What is the bankruptcy exemption code in Indiana for contingent assets toward a class action law suit?	This is contingent as the debtor is the named plaintiff in a class action lawsuit that is pending.	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	2	Eric M Wiechert	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Check with an attorney admitted in Indiana.  Exemption issues can get fairly complex.

The National Association of Consumer Bankruptcy Attorneys (NACBA) has a useful lawyer finder.  

[There is exemption information for Indiana at the link below.

See http://www.legalconsumer.com/bankruptcy/bankruptcy-law.php?&ST=IN#exempt... ]"
63	Q: I own a restaurant. Is it OK for me to bring in my TV to show football games in the restaurant?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: This would be risky, and could violate the copyrights of the broadcaster / producer of the football game. Copyright infringement can occur from publicly displaying a copyrighted broadcast without a license. Some broadcasters have contractors they hire to visit bars and restaruants to find unlicensed shows being shown in the establishment. Violaters can expect to get a threatening cease and desist letter. This issues is discussed here: http://www.iniplaw.org/2010/10/the-ultimate-fighting-champion.html

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
64	Q: In Indiana can a used car dealership sell you a car that wont pass emissions?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: There is no law that specifically prohibits this practice.  However, if there were represntaions made that were false, you may have a claim under the Unfair and Deceptive Practices Act.  There may also be other laws or legal theories available depedning on the facts of your situation.  I hope this helps."
65	"Q: Our home was in a sheriff's sale, but no bids were made, resulting in the property being retained by Deutsche Bank"	"What options in reinstating the loan and re-obtaining our property? We have not seen a copy of the note, only in writing in the judgment from the court documents, stating that Deutsche is the registered holder of Ameriquest Mortgage Securities Inc. Asset-Backed Pass Through Certificates."	"Related Topics:
            
            Foreclosure"	1	Timothy Coe	Foreclosure Defense Lawyer	"A: It is not at all uncommon for no one to show up at the sheriff's sale and for the bank to buy the property for what it's owed. At this point re-instating the loan is not an option. Your rights to the house have been foreclosed. You may try to contact Deutsche Bank to try to get a lease-back or you could try to get a new loan to re-buy your house essentially. But your chances of getting one for the same property that you were foreclosed on is not that likely. Before you went to sheriff's sale you had more options, but now they are extremely limited."
66	Q: How long does the courts have to arraign a person on a level 6 felony?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Here is a link to some useful information: http://research.lawyers.com/indiana/criminal-process-in-indiana.html 

You can find all sorts of useful information on the internet."
67	Q: Are new fences required to be placed 5 ft. from property line or can they be placed on property line?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Municipal Law"	1	Michael E. Polen Jr.	"Dyer, IN"	"A: This is likely governed by a local ordinance.  Given that every municipality is different, there is no easy answer.  You will have to check with the local authority.  A permit may also be required depending on the local ordinance."
68	Q: Does non custodial pay for extracurricular and all birthday gift expenses when kids are invited?	"I pay weekly support $309.00,and 79 % of medical expenses per order, I provide well for my kids.. I have been supporting 50% of activity cost for my kids but was given a bill for my daughter for 1,223.00 for 5 dance classes, ex wants me to pay all I gave her 1/2 on current one and said no more, I have another child with her which I support for basketball ..can she take me to court and make me pay for these outrages cost for extracurricular activities and she wants me to pay for all birthday gifts my kids attend especially the ones they attend when it is my weekend with them. What are my rights here to say enough and know the courts will not force me as she tells me they will and I will loose?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Hopefully extracurricular activities were addressed in your Divorce Decree and/or Final Settlement Agreement.  The Divorce Decree and/or Final Settlement Agreement are Court Orders which must be followed.  I recommend that you start by examining these legally controlling documents.  More than likely you and your former spouse addressed these ""additional"" costs when you divorced.  If that is the case, both you and your former spouse are bound by that agreement unless you are able to go back to court and can show good cause for the change.   

If you used a divorce attorney, I recommend that you contact your attorney for assistance.  The attorney will also have a copy of the Divorce Decree and Settlement and will be familiar with the particulars of your situation."
69	Q: How much does a patent application cost?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: The cost of a patent application varies widely depending on the invention you seek to protect.  A very simple design patent application might cost $500 - $1,000 to get on file.  I've done very complex patent applications for telecommunications systems that have cost nearly $30,000.  Moreover, after an application is filed, there are costs and fees incurred in pushing the application through the Patent Office.  For a moderately complex invention, by the time the patent issues, an business may have $6,000 - $12,000 investing in the application, with those costs being spread out over a 2 - 4 year period.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
70	Q: Is there a statute of limitations on homicide neglect?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Easiest way to answer this rather inartful question is:

IC 35-41-4-2    Periods of limitation

(a) Except as otherwise provided in this section, a prosecution for an offense is barred unless it is commenced:

(1) within five (5) years after the commission of the offense, in the case of a Class B, Class C, or Class D felony; or

(2) within two (2) years after the commission of the offense, in the case of a misdemeanor.

(b) A prosecution for a Class B or Class C felony that would otherwise be barred under this section may be commenced within one (1) year after the earlier of the date on which the state:

(1) first discovers evidence sufficient to charge the offender

with the offense through DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) analysis; or

(2) could have discovered evidence sufficient to charge the offender with the offense through DNA (deoxyribonucleic acid) analysis by the exercise of due diligence.

(c) A prosecution for a Class A felony may be commenced at any time.

(d) A prosecution for murder may be commenced:

(1) at any time; and

(2) regardless of the amount of time that passes between:

(A) the date a person allegedly commits the elements of murder; and

(B) the date the alleged victim of the murder dies.

(e) A prosecution for the following offenses is barred unless commenced before the date that the alleged victim of the offense reaches thirty-one (31) years of age:

(1) IC 35-42-4-3(a) (Child molesting).

(2) IC 35-42-4-5 (Vicarious sexual gratification).

(3) IC 35-42-4-6 (Child solicitation).

(4) IC 35-42-4-7 (Child seduction).

(5) IC 35-46-1-3 (Incest).

(f) A prosecution for forgery of an instrument for payment of money, or for the uttering of a forged instrument, under IC 35-43-5-2, is barred unless it is commenced within five (5) years after the maturity of the instrument.

(g) If a complaint, indictment, or information is dismissed because of an error, defect, insufficiency, or irregularity, a new prosecution may be commenced within ninety (90) days after the dismissal even if the period of limitation has expired at the time of dismissal, or will expire within ninety (90) days after the dismissal.

(h) The period within which a prosecution must be commenced does not include any period in which:

(1) the accused person is not usually and publicly resident in Indiana or so conceals himself or herself that process cannot be served;

(2) the accused person conceals evidence of the offense, and evidence sufficient to charge the person with that offense is unknown to the prosecuting authority and could not have been discovered by that authority by exercise of due diligence; or

(3) the accused person is a person elected or appointed to office under statute or constitution, if the offense charged is theft or conversion of public funds or bribery while in public office.

(i) For purposes of tolling the period of limitation only, a prosecution is considered commenced on the earliest of these dates:

(1) The date of filing of an indictment, information, or complaint before a court having jurisdiction.

(2) The date of issuance of a valid arrest warrant.

(3) The date of arrest of the accused person by a law enforcement officer without a warrant, if the officer has authority to make the arrest.

(j) A prosecution is considered timely commenced for any offense to which the defendant enters a plea of guilty, notwithstanding that the period of limitation has expired.

(k) The following apply to the specified offenses:

(1) A prosecution for an offense under IC 30-2-9-7(b) (misuse of funeral trust funds) is barred unless commenced within five (5) years after the date of death of the settlor (as described in IC 30-2-9).

(2) A prosecution for an offense under IC 30-2-10-9(b) (misuse of funeral trust funds) is barred unless commenced within five (5) years after the date of death of the settlor (as described in IC 30-2-10).

(3) A prosecution for an offense under IC 30-2-13-38(f) (misuse of funeral trust or escrow account funds) is barred unless commenced within five (5) years after the date of death of the purchaser (as defined in IC 30-2-13-9).

(l) A prosecution for an offense under IC 23-14-48-9 is barred unless commenced within five (5) years after the earlier of the date on which the state:

(1) first discovers evidence sufficient to charge the offender with the offense; or

(2) could have discovered evidence sufficient to charge the offender with the offense by the exercise of due diligence.

As added by Acts 1976, P.L.148, SEC.1. Amended by Acts 1977, P.L.340, SEC.17; P.L.309-1985, SEC.2; P.L.232-1993, SEC.3; P.L.9-2000, SEC.1; P.L.48-2001, SEC.1; P.L.1-2002, SEC.149; P.L.97-2004, SEC.124; P.L.6-2006, SEC.7, P.L.140-2006, SEC.30, and P.L.173-2006, SEC.30; P.L.143-2009, SEC.47.

***********************************

IC 35-46-1-4 deals with neglect . . . and death of dependent

(a) A person having the care of a dependent, whether

assumed voluntarily or because of a legal obligation, who knowingly or intentionally:

(1) places the dependent in a situation that endangers the dependent's life or health;

(2) abandons or cruelly confines the dependent;

(3) deprives the dependent of necessary support; or

(4) deprives the dependent of education as required by law;

commits neglect of a dependent, a Class D felony.

(b) However, the offense is:

(1) a Class C felony if it is committed under subsection (a)(1), (a)(2), or (a)(3) and:

(A) results in bodily injury; or

(B) is:

(i) committed in a location where a person is violating IC 35-48-4-1 (delivery, financing, or manufacture of cocaine, methamphetamine, or a narcotic drug); or

(ii) the result of a violation of IC 35-48-4-1 (delivery, financing, or manufacture of cocaine, methamphetamine, or a narcotic drug);

(2) a Class B felony if it is committed under subsection (a)(1), (a)(2), or (a)(3) and results in serious bodily injury;

(3) a Class A felony if it is committed under subsection (a)(1), (a)(2), or (a)(3) by a person at least eighteen (18) years of age and results in the death of a dependent who is less than fourteen (14) years of age; and

(4) a Class C felony if it is committed under subsection (a)(2) and consists of cruel confinement or abandonment that:

(A) deprives a dependent of necessary food, water, or sanitary facilities;

(B) consists of confinement in an area not intended for human habitation; or

(C) involves the unlawful use of handcuffs, a rope, a cord, tape, or a similar device to physically restrain a dependent.

(c) It is a defense to a prosecution based on an alleged act under this section that:

(1) the accused person left a dependent child who was, at the time the alleged act occurred, not more than thirty (30) days of age with an emergency medical provider who took custody of the child under IC 31-34-2.5 when:

(A) the prosecution is based solely on the alleged act of leaving the child with the emergency medical services provider; and

(B) the alleged act did not result in bodily injury or serious bodily injury to the child; or

(2) the accused person, in the legitimate practice of the accused person's religious belief, provided treatment by spiritual means through prayer, in lieu of medical care, to the accused person's dependent.

(d) Except for property transferred or received:

(1) under a court order made in connection with a proceeding

under IC 31-15, IC 31-16, IC 31-17, or IC 31-35 (or IC 31-1-11.5 or IC 31-6-5 before their repeal); or

(2) under IC 35-46-1-9(b);

a person who transfers or receives any property in consideration for the termination of the care, custody, or control of a person's dependent child commits child selling, a Class D felony.

**************************************

If you're talking about ""negligent homicide,"" you probably need to look at the statutes on involuntary manslaughter:

IC 35-42-1-4      Involuntary manslaughter

(a) As used in this section, ""child care provider"" means a person who provides child care in or on behalf of:

(1) a child care center (as defined in IC 12-7-2-28.4); or

(2) a child care home (as defined in IC 12-7-2-28.6);

regardless of whether the child care center or child care home is licensed.

(b) As used in this section, ""fetus"" means a fetus that has attained viability (as defined in IC 16-18-2-365).

(c) A person who kills another human being while committing or attempting to commit:

(1) a Class C or Class D felony that inherently poses a risk of serious bodily injury;

(2) a Class A misdemeanor that inherently poses a risk of serious bodily injury; or

(3) battery;

commits involuntary manslaughter, a Class C felony. However, if the killing results from the operation of a vehicle, the offense is a Class D felony.

(d) A person who kills a fetus while committing or attempting to commit:

(1) a Class C or Class D felony that inherently poses a risk of serious bodily injury;

(2) a Class A misdemeanor that inherently poses a risk of serious bodily injury;

(3) battery; or

(4) a violation of IC 9-30-5-1 through IC 9-30-5-5 (operating a vehicle while intoxicated);

commits involuntary manslaughter, a Class C felony. However, if the killing results from the operation of a vehicle, the offense is a Class D felony.

(e) If:

(1) a child care provider recklessly supervises a child; and

(2) the child dies as a result of the child care provider's reckless supervision;

the child care provider commits involuntary manslaughter, a Class D felony."
71	Q: Are there any organizations in Indiana that can assist in developing and marketing my invention?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Two good groups are the Venture Club of Indiana, www.ventureclub.org; and the Hackers and Founders, www.meetup.com/Hackers-and-Founders-Indianapolis

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317-891-1500"
72	Q: A neighbor's tree fell on my home. Who pays to remove it and dispose of it properly?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: I would proceed in a way that will be quickest for you.  File a claim with your homeowner's insurer.  They will pay you promptly and go after your neighbor.  the alternative is to contact the neighbor's insurer directly.
73	Q: What are the best resources/cases to support an anti-state-nullification thesis?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The best resource I know of is here:

http://www.tenthamendmentcenter.com/2010/01/18/resistdc-the-federal-tax-...

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
74	Q: If I were to start small party business selling replica purses that had the tradmark of real brand . Would I go to jail?	"I am not sure about this but have heard all sorts of rumors. I am looking into starting a party business going to others homes and having a party where I sell purses, etc. Some of the purses about 20 will be replicas (knock offs) and would have the trademark of name brand the other 40 purses of my inventory would be other brands that would be real, not knock offs. If I notify people that the 20 aren't real brand will I go to jail, is it a felony? and are there investigation teams looking for small amounts of replicas or so they look for the big stores that sell replicas?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Criminal penalties are applicable in severe trademark infringement cases involving counterfeiting of products. Counterfeiting is considered to be an extreme form of trademark infrigmement since the infringer knowingly takes advantage of the trademark, brandname, and goodwill of a firm to deliberately create counterfeit products (i.e. lower quality imitations) for the purpose of seeking economic gain. The Trademark Counterfeiting Act of 1984 and the Anticounterfeiting Consumer Protection Act of 1996 address the problem of trafficking in countefeit trademarked goods and the distribution of imitations of well-known trademarked mechandise. According to these Acts ""(w)hoever intentionally traffics or attempts to traffic in goods and services and knowingly uses a counterfeit mark on or in connection with such goods or services"" is guilty of a felony. These acts ammend the Lanham Act to provide stronger civil penalties in cases involving counterfeiting.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
75	Q: Do i need a lawyer to file for a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: No, you do not need a lawyer to file for a patent. The US Patent Office website lists the requirements for a patent application here: http://www.uspto.gov/patents/resources/types/utility.jsp However, it is a good idea to use an lawyer if you have not been through the patent process before. Most lay persons would not be able write a patent application that meets the requirements of the patent law.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
76	Q: My ex wants to move 2000 miles away what are my legal rights	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: You have not given enough facts here at all. Do you have children with the ex and the ex is taking the children? You need to go see a family attorney in your area if that is the case. The ex might need to follow the law in your state for this, and it might require your written permission or a court order."
77	Q: I came up with a great idea and told my employer about it before I quit. Now she's using it. Do I have any rights?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: There is a good chance you have rights, but more facts must be known. In particiular, did you ever sign an agreement with your employer agreeing to assign rights to any inventions to the employer. If not, was your job to ""invent"" the particualr invention? You should consult with a registered patent attorney.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
78	Q: I need to see if i can file a complaint quiet title superior circuit court in marion county indiana	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Both Superior and Circuit Courts are courts of general jurisdiction, meaning they handle all cases. File the case with the county clerk. The computer will randomly assign you to a court. Most likely to one of the dozen superior courts. There is only one circuit court per county, so you are less likely to be assigned there."
79	Q: Should a 86 year old single senior living on sosial security income  file for bankruptcy to discharge a credit card debt	Income does not permit to make any kind of payment to payoff the balance of the account.  Balance approximatly $5000.00 and getting larger due to interst and late fees.  At this time the account is in collectors hand and they demand full payment now.	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If that is his only debt and he has no other assets, I would not file a bankruptcy."
80	"Q: I filed for bankruptcy in either 2002 or 2003 and my credit report still says that my case is open, how can I fix it?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Only the filing of a Bankruptcy is reported on a credit report, not if it is pending.  A Bankruptcy can appear on a credit report for upto 10 years."
81	Q: Can a judgement be entered against you in one state if you were never served or given notice because you left the state	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Yes, if an agent was served or you were served by publication."
82	"Q: What is the ""inequitable conduct"" defense in patent infringement litigation?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: A patent applicant has an obligation under 37 CFR 56 to disclose to the Patent Office information that is ""material"" to the patentability of the patent application. If the applicant withholds or misrepresents information when dealing with the Patent Office, a court, in a later infringement suit, can find the patent invalid due to inequitable conduct. Thus, this is a ""defense"" that an accused infringer may assert.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
83	Q: Does the Anti-Terrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 foreclose Error Coram Nobis relief?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Ooops, sorry, here's the URL:    http://scholarship.law.wm.edu/cgi/viewcontent.cgi?article=1397&context=w..."
84	Q: Where do we start if we want to get our court ordered child support re-evaluated?	"Trying to help a young urban boy get his child support and visitation re-evaluated. Unfortunately, he does not have any original documents. But he is getting a large sum garnished from his very small paycheck (he is a busboy) and in addition the mother will not let him see his daughter. I don't even know where to start without the original court order,e tc. Thanks for any direction you can give us."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You should be able to backtrack and obtain the original order.  His employer should have a copy of the wage order garnishment.  The cause number and location of the court should be on there. You can then contact the clerk of the court for that county and obtain copies of the original documents.
85	Q: I've invented a toilet with an automatic exhaust fan that goes on when you sit on it.  Is it patentable?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: First, it is not a good idea to disclose your invention in a public forum like this until you have determined whether your invention is patentable.   That being said, there is not sufficient information to determine patentability.  It would be necessary to learn more information about your invention, and to conduct a search of prior systems.  I suggest you contact a registered patent attorney.

Paul Overhauser

317-891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
86	Q: The father waited too long?  Child is 5 months old and he wants to have his name added to the birth certificate.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: The father can have his name added and also assert rights if a paternity affidavit is filed or paternity established in court.
87	Q: What is a Verified Motion in Proceedings Supplemental and Interrogatories?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Small Claims"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: It is a pleading filed in court and served upon a company that has an asset of the defendant or his employer.  Its purpose is to confirm that the gartnishee defendant ( the person or company served)has money or an asset of the defendant that the plaintiff may be able to obtain in payment of the judgment.
88	Q: How long does it take to get a copyright registration?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: A registration is effective as of the date the application is received by the Copyright Office. However, the registration certificate takes a while to receive. If you pay for ""special handling,"" a registration usually takes about a week. If you file an application electronically, it takes about 4 months. If you file using a paper form, it takes about 22 months! (The copyright office is severely backlogged on paper applications, as of December 2010.) However, it is imporant to register early, because if a coypright is infringed, the remedies you can recover are much, much better.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
89	"Q: My daughter lives in Illinois...she had a baby with her boyfriend, which his name is on the birth certificate"	"They are not married...can she move to Indiana with the baby, without his consent?  No paternity has officially been done."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: Yes, I believe she can."
90	"Q: If you're on unsupervised probation, does it require a drug test?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Typically, unsupervised probation means you're mailing in a document once a month. But different probation departments work differently.  At some point, if your PO suspects that you're doing something illegal, they can pretty much treat you as if you were supervised, call you in, and make you pee in that little cup."
91	Q: Can I sue my husbands ex mistress for psych trauma and alienation of affection - she had abortion and he now has pts	As a result our marriage is over	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: No.  Indiana does not recognize a cause of action for alienation of affection
92	Q: Mt attorney is claiming he has filed for me Why can't I find It?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: some counties here in indiana have an online docket and it is fairly easy to find if your case was filed.  some counties do not. in those counties the only way is to either call the clerk of court or go to the clerk of court offices and inquire. usually the clerks are pretty cooperative and will look for you.
93	Q: How many over nights is the father able to get?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	1	JR Emerson	Divorce Lawyer	"A: You can negotiate any number of nights with the mother, I am assuming that she has primary custody.  In general, the minimum is 1x per week, and every other weekend.  If you want to spend more time with your child you can work with the mother or tell the Judge that you want more time.  If you do go to court you will want to show the Judge why spending more time with you is in the child's best interest.  Speak to an attorney to learn more.

Best of luck.

JR Emerson

Indianapolis Divorce Attorney"
94	Q: If a guy gets found innocent in a murder case and then walks out and confess and shows the picture..then what can u do	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You can file a wrongful death case against him, but he cannot be prosecuted in a criminal case.  Remember O.J. Simpson was found not guilty at the criminal case, and found guilty in the civil suit brought sometime later."
95	Q: I plead guilty to a Felony D; judge reduced the conviction to misdemeanor.  What do I put on my job application?	I am applying for a federal job; when they conduct the background investigation what do I put on the government application?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Anna R. Lindemann	null	"A: It likely depends what the application asks for. If it asks for convictions, you must disclose what you were convicted of-- which sounds like a misdemeanor offense. Whatever the final disposition of the charge reflects is what you must disclose.  If the judge amended the charge at the disposition than that should be the final disposition.  Contact the attorney that represented you on this charge if you have more detail-specific questions.  It is very important that you are completely candid when filling out the application."
96	Q: Can my Neighbor legally have 2 fences up and not take care and weed either?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: if you live in a municpality, there probably is an ordinance about grass and weeds. the municpality will have a code enforcement officer. years ago when i was a civil referee in the hammond city court, it was routine for the city to bring code violations for grass and weeds.  hope this helps"
97	Q: Is Increased patenting time before the child is 3 in indiana automatic if non-cus parent has not followed his schedule?	"My sons father is insisting that he is to get our son, 2.5 yrs, for a week at fall break thia year. He is arguing that he has followed the parenting time schedule for the past 9 months so is entitled to the increased time. The problem I am having is that he just began going back to his regular schedule two months ago. He and I had been trying to work on things for the months prior, but it had not been going well. He was in and out of our lives and had disappeared for a couple weeks at a time. Our son also never spent time at his house during that period. My concern is that it would be veru disruptive to our son to have a full week of disruption in his routine. What are my options? Do I have to take him to court to clarify? Or would he have to take me to court to try to proove he qualifies? I really would like to keep this out of court if possible."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: Are you asking what a court order and agreement say without providing either to the people you are posing the question to? Set up a conference with a local family lawyer to have a full discussion.
98	Q: I will be 21 in 30 days i have court in 7 days for consumption. Will the court take into account I am almost legal?	"I just got out of the army and moved here to live with my mother until work picks up in the spring. The night I was ticketed I feel that I was being very reasonable and safe. We had a designated driver, and we were going straight home from where we were drinking at. I served this country to protect our freedom but I don't get any freedom myself? I because I had a few beers I'm at risk of losing my license when I was in the back seat."	"Related Topics:
            
            DUI / DWI"	1	Richard Carl Perry Jr.	DUI & DWI Lawyer	"A: Because of your age, you should be eligible for youthful offender status.  In order to receive YO, you would have to apply for it once you are in court.  If you do not have a criminal history and the crime with which you were charged is non-violent, the judge should grant you YO.  YO will give you a one time opportunity, after attaining the age of majority, to keep your record clean.  Be sure to either hire an attorney or ask the court to appoint you an attorney who is familiar with YO, get them to explain it to you, and be sure to take their advice.  It is very well worth taking advantage of the opportunity to apply for YO."
99	Q: Name come up on database asign to name fd id tenn. Dba indiana	Grady cont. Company asign 751 north u.s.6 box 636 kendallville indiana 46755 father past away me the son asigian and susscesser for lots fd id in ten	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: I am having a lot of trouble understanding your question.
100	Q: How do I go about hiring a PCR attorney	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: This is no different than any other attorney hiring.  Check referrals from friends, bar association referral services, internet, yellow pages.  You could google PCR attorneys in Indiana and find appellate case decisions and see who the attorneys were."
101	Q: Can I absolve this debt and how?	"I co-signed at a buy here pay here car place several years ago. The owner of the car has not paid over $4000 on the car and is refusing to pay so the debt is landing on me. I have not even seen the car in over 3 years. I recently had a court date without any representation, the owner of the car did not show and the entire debt got laid solely on me. Is there anything I can do to absolve myself of this debt?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	2	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	"A: Depending on your circumstances, you may wish to consult a bankruptcy attorney."
102	Q: Can I have my ex girlfriends claim against me dropped due to her new guy friend txting an calling me with threats?	It started back in April before our court date..an is still going on an court was June 22...he is still threatening me..I spamed his calls an txt back in april..an had to check something an I bet there's 30 messages from him...I ask her back then to have him stop..she didn't care..	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: This has nothing to do with the crime you are charged with, it is not a defense. Get counsel on your side."
103	Q: Am I allowed to take my child out of state for a short vacation without getting in trouble?	Neither parent has any court ordered parental rights	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: If there is no court order regarding custody and visitation then the answer is a qualified yes. You should inform the other parent. When you pose a question on line we need a lot of facts because these situations are often much more complex than the questions let on. If you are the non-custodial parent then you need to make arrangements with the custodial parent, if you just take of with your kid that is a great way to end up in jail. There is no reason for all of that if the parties coordinate schedules in advance so one of you isn't pulling their hair out with worry while the other is unaware until they land in a jail cell."
104	Q: Can a person who is black be convicted by an all white jury? and not of his peers. Is this legal?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Rights"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: yes.

the issue of race may come into play if the opposing side is using its peremptory(discretionary)strikes to eliminate a particular race from serving one the jury."
105	Q: I applied for and was denied a recovery agent license due to answering a question wrong	#2 on application I understood as employment discipline and answered no... My preliminary review hearing (appeal)order states that will be the issue talked about. Will I have to explain all my past  mistameanor convictions even though the 5 year requirement has past	"Related Topics:
            
            Appeals / Appellate Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Appeals & Appellate Lawyer	A: I do not understand this question.
106	Q: I filed for bankruptcy and I have letter that says act before Oct 1. I can't get ahold of a lawyer	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: If you have a lawyer, show up at his office.  If still no response contact your respective state bar association.  If you do not have an attorney, your lack of counsel is generally no excuse and you should act."
107	Q: Former employer informed many business owners I stole $100K from him.  Untrue.  Defamation?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Absolutely untrue.  You also may have other causes of action.
108	Q: In indiana how long can a collections agency bill you?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: There is no law setting a limit on billing.  However, there is a law called the statute of limitations that limits how long they have to sue you."
109	Q: I have a house that is getting foreclosed I owe to much on it  can I file chapter 7 I am within the means for bankruptcy	Also I cannot afford a high priced attorney	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: I do not follow the question. But if you are asking if you can file bankruptcy after a foreclosure has already atarted, then the answer is yes. In some cases that is helpful. In some cases it will have limited benefit. Talk to a lawyer to learn which applies to. You."
110	Q: Can a default judgment for libel be discharged by bankruptcy in the State of Indiana?	"I sued my ex-husband for libel and defamation in 2008 and recently was awarded $ in a default judgment. He insists that he can file bankruptcy and it will be discharged. My atty had no choice but to remove herself and the firm from the case when it was decided that he wasn't collectible. If he files for bankruptcy, how will I know?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: if he files bankruptcy intending to discharge his indebtness to you (the defamation judgment), he has to list you in the BK petition and notify you in writing accordingly. i don't think he will be able to discharge it because it is an intentional tort as opposed to a negligent tort. regardless, if you get served with a copy of a bk notice you need to consult with a bk lawyer in your locale."
111	"Q: In a car accident where everyone denies fault, is it best to go through your insurance or hire a lawyer?"	"2 car accident at 4 way stop. One car ran their sign. Over $3,000 damage to rear passenger side of one car."	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Terrence Rubino	Personal Injury Lawyer	"A: assuming you were not injured, the smartest and easiest thing to do is to go through your collision coverage with your insurance company. it will initially cost you the deductible.  your insurance company will then pursue the other company for what it paid plus your deductible.  if it collects, it will collect your deductible too.  good luck."
112	"Q: WHEN WILL THE PEOPLE WHO FILED A LAWSUIT WITH SEROQUEL, WILL START GETTING PAID"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: All lawsuits take time.  This is especially true with complex litigation and drug liability cases are among the most complex, especiallu since it is a class action. I am sorry that I cannot give you a more specific response."
113	Q: Who won the Texas v Johnson case?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Read it. You can find summaries on the internet and probably even the whole opinion.
114	Q: Why do we need to turn over our IRS refund if our bankruptcy Chapter 7 has been finished (discharged).	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: Because it was a right to something that existed prior to the filing of the case and therefore was subject to the Bky.
115	Q: How long is the time frame to file a defemation of character?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Discrimination"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: In Indiana, defamation is considered a personal injury, so it is subject to a two year statute of limitations.  There can be some exceptions, such as if the defamed person is a minor.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
116	Q: Can an attorney be sued by an heir over wrong doing	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Timothy Coe	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: As most things in the law, it depends. I would need to know more about the specifics of the case, what you think should have happened, why you think it didn't, and why it was the attorney's fault."
117	Q: Can 2 felons get married in the state of Indiana	The guy will be off house arrest in 2 weeks but his girlfriend is on curfew probation until December can they get married as son as he is off house arrest ? They both go to church and live a Godly lifestyle and plan to continue to stay in church and live as Christians	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: One of the standard conditions of probation across the US is that you cannot associate with known criminals. Run this by the probation officers for the felons.
118	Q: How do I petition the court for an income withholdings order ? For a child support order already in place ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You need to read your local court rules, the Indiana Trial Rules and the Indiana Administrative Code.  All of which are located at www.in.gov/judiciary. The requirements in different courts vary. If there is not an order already in place that states that there should be a wage order, you either have to submit an agreed wage order or petition the court for such an order to be issued.  You then will need to draft an appropriate wage order and submit it to the court for

entry and approval. I suggest that you contact an attorney as you do not want to do anything that could delay payments.  Good luck."
119	Q: Doctor with established expertise in field. Do I have grounds for a libel/slander case?	"I am doctor with a reputation of expertise in my field. I received disciplinary action as a result of untrue statements made by another doctor in a position of unofficial authority over me. This person provided a false formal written statement to be placed in my personnel file in support of a corrective action plan she initiated. There is also evidence of email correspondence damaging to my reputation to uninvolved parties, parties outside of my company,  and to my direct administrative and clinical supervisors. This person is also reported to have engaged in gossip, and reportedly solicited information about me in meetings with my subordinates in order to obtain what was referred to as “dirt on me.” I still work at this company. Do I have any preliminary grounds for a libel or slander case, and will this impact my employment with this company?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Based solely on the facts presented, yes, with a caveat. That caveat being that there may be some privilege within the profession or recognized in the law that may absolve her of such liability. It is best to speak with a local lawyer with whom you can divulge all of the facts. There are 5 basic elements to a defamation claim; 1. a false statement, 2. about the Plaintiff, 3. published to a third party, 4. damage to reputation, (5. depending on the public figure/matter of public concern analysis, either, strict liability, negligence, or what is called actual malice). This can be a very complicated area of the law to argue and defend. It is best to talk to a local lawyer who has some experience with this type of case. 

Best of luck!"
120	Q: Is it illegal to cross over a white line?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Traffic Tickets"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Yes, it is illegal to do so"
121	Q: Married 20+ husband own two houses. I don't work and have 5 kids. Am i entitled to something?	He wont come to a agreement and keeps stalling. he also has a abuse record.	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: More information is required to answer this question fully, and you should have an attorney of your own if there is going to be a contest as to children or property. Indiana is a community property state, so anything acquired during the divorce is marital property that is presumed to be split 50/50. If your husband is stalling and you want to move things along, file a motion for a hearing, either provisional, or final depending where you are in the process. Again, a lot more information is needed before I can go any further, you should have an attorney who is familiar with all the facts advising you and working to protect your interests in your divorce. 

Best of luck!"
122	Q: What form do I use to notify the custodial parent of my intentions to move out of state.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	1	Burton A. Padove	Divorce Lawyer	A: There is no form.  You are required to provide notice pursuant to the Indiana Relocation Statute.  You may be able to hire an attorney for ths e sole purpose of drafting the appropriate document.
123	Q: I lost my copyright registration certificate for software I registered years ago.  How do find my information?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: The Copyright office maintain an web-searchable database of copyright registrations, which you can access here: http://www.copyright.gov/records/

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
124	Q: I have been married for 3 years. Can my wife still take my pension and annuity?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: Typically only the portion of the pension that was earned while married is subject to a split of marital property. But these issues get very technical and sometimes complicated to do a Qualified Domestic Relations Order QDRO. I would definitely recommend talking to an attorney.
125	Q: Debating divorce.  Spouse wants to refinance  home with new mortgage in only my name.  I'll keep it.  Is this a bad idea	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: Usually after a divorce the spouse that keeps the house refinances it in order to get the name of the other spouse off the mortgage.
126	Q: Can I write to the Patent Office about my application after it is filed?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: The Patent Office will answer an applicant's inquiries as to the status of the application, and inform you whether your application has been rejected, allowed, or is awaiting action. However, if you have a patent attorney or agent of record in the application file the Office will not correspond with both you and the attorney/agent concerning the merits of your application. All comments concerning your application should be forwarded through your attorney or agent.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
127	"Q: Difference in opinion of my vehicles worth. Claimant's insurance carrier is shorting me $1,000.00. What is my recourse?"	"Other party did not yield right of way and pulled into the path of my vehicle. I broad sided her.  It totaled my 1994 Chev Silverado PU. The value of my truck was $3,000 before the loss.  The insurance company wants to settle for $2,000.00. Like kind replacement vehicles are higher than the $3,000.00. What is my recourse?  Are they obligated to replace my vehicle with like kind?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	John M DeProspo	Personal Injury Lawyer	A: Has the insurance company assumed 100% liability? That may be the reason the are offering you less.
128	Q: What is a copyright?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Vincent Thomas Lyon	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: LMGTFY

http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Copyright"
129	Q: We already filed for divorce and have been to court. How do I finalize the divorce and more forward?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: I'm guessing you went to court for the provisional hearing. If 60 days have passed you can move for a final hearing, but depending on how busy the courts are in your county it may be a little bit of a wait until the final hearing is scheduled. I always recommend that (1) you hire an attorney to help you out, and (2) that you try to work out an agreement between the parties instead of using court time to secure a final dissolution of the marriage."
130	Q: Can charges be filed against an individual who is spreading lies constantly?	"I live in Indianapolis, IN and I have a female friend that I have been with intimately very seldom over the past two years. She also dated a guy who is very jealous of her because she does not want to be with him.  This nut has been spreading lies about me for many years but I don't let him get to me.  But last year he told some women that I know that I have HIV.  That was the last straw for me so I finally confronted him and predictably he denied ever saying anything like that about me.  The friend whom I mentioned in the beginning of this text informed me today that he followed a date she was with into the bathroom and told this guy that she had AIDS.  He e-mailed her the next day and told her that she got it from me.  Neither of us has any kind of STD. I informed her that there has got to be some legal remedy for something like this.  Can you please give me some guidance so I can share it with her.  Is there any legal recourse?  Thanks!"	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Yes, there is legal recourse.  YOu ca nsue him for defamation.  You also may be able to obtain a restraining order."
131	"Q: Is the ""right of publicity"" valid in all 50 states?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: No, the ""right of publicity"" varies considerably from State to state, so check with an attorney in your state. Indiana is viewed as having the most favorabel ""right of publicty"" statute anywhere in the country, as discussed here: http://www.iniplaw.org/2010/12/horror-pops-lead-singer-patric.html

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
132	Q: What is the limitation period for tortous liability?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Rights"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Generally speaking, torts have a limitation of 2 years.  However, there may be other statutry deadlines depending on the facts of your case."
133	Q: Would it be legal to give a cop the middle finger?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Paul Stanko	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Yes.  Giving anybody the finger, while arguably crude, is protected expression under the First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution."
134	Q: I own a business that is in an LLC.  My will says it goes to my kids.  I'm thinking about setting up a living trust so	It will go to my kids without going through probate.  Is that the only way to do it?	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Michael Ray Smith	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: A living trust can be a good way to leave your business to your children, but it's not the only way.   Another very good way to do it is to designate your LLC interest as transfer on death (TOD) property with your children as benefiaries."
135	Q: Can my business partner sell his half of the corp. with out my approval? We own equal shares in a sports bar in Indiana.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	A: The corporate documents should be reviewed to answer this question.  Be well.
136	"Q: What does ""Judgment to be Satisfied"" mean in a Sheriff sale of a house"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: I would have to see the form, but I believe you are referring to the original debt owed as reduced to the form of a judgment."
137	Q: Is the Indiana Supreme Court wrong in there ruleing regarding public intox and the right to travel	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: the supreme court ruled that if you are a passenger in a car and you are drunk then you can be prosecuted for public intoxication. the ruling simply follows the statute by determining that a car on the road is considered a public place.
138	"Q: If I am attempting to patent something, how much is a lawyer needed?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: If you have experience with patents, you may not need an attorney. For example, if you are an inventor at a large company that has patented many of your ideas, you may be very familiar with the process and how to write an application. Failing this, you really should use an attorney. I say this based on the many rejections I've seen from the Patent Office based on applications written by novices.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317-891-1500"
139	Q: How do I block a Motion to Release Funds?  My ex wants to cash out CD's belonging to my 20 year old son.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You need to file an objection and state why it is in your son's best interest that these should  not be cashed out.  Due to his age, the court may want some input from your son."
140	"Q: My husband filed for divorce, what should I do?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You can either proceed representing yourself or hire counsel.  If you have any assets or debts to contest, own real estate or have minor children you should seriously consider consulting with an attorney. Good luck."
141	Q: My cousin adopted her grandkids last yr.  She can't care for them now. How can I go about adopting them?	"My cousin adopted her 4 grandkids last year (all in elementary school).  Due to some unforeseen reasons, she is no longer able to care for them.  What steps do I need to take in order to adopt these kids?  Their biological parents gave up their rights and my cousin adopted these children by going to court.  Since she can no longer care for these children, besides getting a lawyer, what will I need to do to adopt them?  Just wanted to know what steps I will need to take.  Thank you."	"Related Topics:
            
            Adoption"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: The most involved step is that you need a social worker to produce a home study report. This can be done through most adoption agencies. This report is intended to demonstrate to the judge that you are financially, physically, psychologically, and legally able to adopt. With this report in hand, most of the rest of the work is done by the lawyer"
142	Q: Can a company penalize you after a contract is signed for something that happened before the contract date?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If there is language in the contract allowing for the penalty on prior acts, yes."
143	Q: I have been removed from the sex offender list in Illinois.  If I move to Indiana do I need to notify the state?	If have been removed from the sex offender list in the state of Illinois as the conviction was over ten years ago. I am no longer on the list in Illinois.  If I move to Indian do I need to notify the state even though I am no longer on the sex offender list in Illinois?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Perhaps. You need to find out the requirements in the new state.
144	Q: Federal court and Indiana state court  ordered to make payments toward a same balance. Is this double Jeopardy?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Double jeopardy is a criminal law concept.  It sounds as if these are judgments in a civil case, so double jeopardy would not apply."
145	"Q: My children are all over 18, can I pay them the arears I owe directly to them in the state of Florida?"	"Their mother told me she will not give the kids any of the support I still owe, that it is hers, but I know my kids need financial help getting their lives started and none of them live with her anymore."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: No. The money is owed to her for a time when she provided for them, not them."
146	Q: What do I need to do in order to move out of state with my three year old?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You are required to comply with the Indiana Relocation Statute.  I have previously posted an article on my blog www.todayslawalert.com.  I have posted the statute below for your convenience.

IC 31-17-2.2-1

Notice of intent to move residence; modifying orders; attorney's fees

Sec. 1. (a) A relocating individual must file a notice of the intent to move with the clerk of the court that:

(1) issued the custody order or parenting time order; or

(2) if subdivision (1) does not apply, has jurisdiction over the legal proceedings concerning the custody of or parenting time with a child;

and send a copy of the notice to any nonrelocating individual.

(b) Upon motion of a party, the court shall set the matter for a hearing to review and modify, if appropriate, a custody order, parenting time order, grandparent visitation order, or child support order. The court shall take into account the following in determining whether to modify a custody order, parenting time order, grandparent visitation order, or child support order:

(1) The distance involved in the proposed change of residence.

(2) The hardship and expense involved for the nonrelocating individual to exercise parenting time or grandparent visitation.

(3) The feasibility of preserving the relationship between the nonrelocating individual and the child through suitable parenting time and grandparent visitation arrangements, including consideration of the financial circumstances of the parties.

(4) Whether there is an established pattern of conduct by the relocating individual, including actions by the relocating individual to either promote or thwart a nonrelocating individual's contact with the child.

(5) The reasons provided by the:

(A) relocating individual for seeking relocation; and

(B) nonrelocating parent for opposing the relocation of the child.

(6) Other factors affecting the best interest of the child.

(c) The court may award reasonable attorney's fees for a motion filed under this section in accordance with IC 31-15-10.

As added by P.L.50-2006, SEC.7.

IC 31-17-2.2-2

Initial custody determination

Sec. 2. (a) If a party provides notice of relocation at an initial hearing to determine custody, the court may consider the factors set forth in this chapter in the court's initial custody determination.

(b) The court may consider a proposed relocation of a child as a factor in determining whether to modify a custody order, parenting time order, grandparent visitation order, or child support order.

As added by P.L.50-2006, SEC.7.

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

IC 31-17-2.2-3

Notice; information requirements

Sec. 3. (a) Except as provided in section 4 of this chapter, an individual required to file a notice under IC 31-14-13-10 or section 1 of this chapter must:

(1) send the notice to each nonrelocating individual:

(A) by registered or certified mail; and

(B) not later than ninety (90) days before the date that the relocating individual intends to move; and

(2) provide the following information in the notice:

(A) The intended new residence, including the:

(i) address; and

(ii) mailing address of the relocating individual, if the mailing address is different than the address under item (i).

(B) The home telephone number of the new residence.

(C) Any other applicable telephone number for the relocating individual.

(D) The date that the relocating individual intends to move.

(E) A brief statement of the specific reasons for the proposed relocation of the child.

(F) A proposal for a revised schedule of parenting time or grandparent visitation with the child.

(G) A statement that a parent must file an objection to the relocation of the child with the court not later than sixty (60) days after receipt of the notice.

(H) A statement that a nonrelocating individual may file a petition to modify a custody order, parenting time order, grandparent visitation order, or child support order.

(b) Except as provided in section 4 of this chapter, if the relocating individual is unable to provide the information required under subsection (a)(2) not later than ninety (90) days before the relocating individual intends to move, the relocating individual shall provide the information in the manner required under subsection (a) not later than ten (10) days after the date that the relocating individual obtains the information required to be provided under subsection (a)(2). However, the relocating individual must provide all the information required under subsection (a)(2) not later than thirty (30) days before the relocating individual intends to move to the new residence.

As added by P.L.50-2006, SEC.7. Amended by P.L.1-2007, SEC.194.

IC 31-17-2.2-4

Risk or harm in disclosing information

Sec. 4. If a court finds that disclosure of the information required under section 3 of this chapter creates a significant risk of substantial harm to the relocating individual or the child, the court may order:

(1) that the address, the telephone number, or other identifying information of the relocating individual or child not be disclosed in the pleadings, other documents filed in the proceeding, or the final order; 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(2) that the information required under section 3 of this chapter be maintained by the clerk of the court in a secure location separate from the pending case file;

(3) that the notice requirements under IC 31-14-13-10 or this chapter be waived to the extent necessary to protect the relocating individual or child from significant risk of substantial harm; or

(4) other remedial action that the court considers necessary to facilitate the legitimate needs of the parties and the best interest of the child.

As added by P.L.50-2006, SEC.7.

IC 31-17-2.2-5

Motion to prevent relocation; burden of proof

Sec. 5. (a) Not later than sixty (60) days after receipt of the notice from the relocating individual under IC 31-14-13-10 or this chapter, a nonrelocating parent may file a motion seeking a temporary or permanent order to prevent the relocation of a child.

(b) On the request of either party, the court shall hold a full evidentiary hearing to grant or deny a relocation motion under subsection (a).

(c) The relocating individual has the burden of proof that the proposed relocation is made in good faith and for a legitimate reason.

(d) If the relocating individual meets the burden of proof under subsection (c), the burden shifts to the nonrelocating parent to show that the proposed relocation is not in the best interest of the child.

(e) If the nonrelocating parent fails to file a motion under subsection (a), the relocating individual who has custody of the child may relocate to the new residence.

As added by P.L.50-2006, SEC.7.

IC 31-17-2.2-6

Temporary order to restrain or permit relocation

Sec. 6. (a) If a nonrelocating parent files a motion under section 5 of this chapter, the court, after notice and an opportunity to be heard or after compliance with Trial Rule 65(B), may grant a temporary order restraining the relocation of a child or order the child to be returned to the nonrelocating parent if the court finds:

(1) that the notice required under IC 31-14-13-10 or this chapter was not served in a timely manner and the parties have not presented an agreement concerning a parenting time schedule;

(2) that the child has been relocated without:

(A) the appropriate notice;

(B) an agreement between the parties; or

(C) a court order; or

(3) from an examination of the evidence presented at the temporary hearing, that there is a likelihood that, after a final hearing, the court will not approve the relocation of the child.

(b) The court may grant a temporary order permitting the relocation of the child pending a final hearing if the court: 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

(1) determines that the notice required under IC 31-14-13-10 or this chapter was provided in a timely manner;

(2) issues an order for a revised schedule for temporary parenting time with the child; and

(3) reviews the evidence presented at the temporary hearing and determines that there is a likelihood that, after the final hearing, the court will approve the relocation of the child.

(c) If the court issues a temporary order authorizing the relocating individual to move, in its final judgment, the court must consider factors:

(1) other than; or

(2) in addition to;

the temporary relocation of the child when issuing a final order.

As added by P.L.50-2006, SEC.7."
147	Q: My husband owned our house before we married.  What form do we need to add my name to the title/deed - in Indiana.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	2	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	A: No fee typically if no payment for land transfer. Some exceptions apply.
148	Q: A sentence of 2 to 12 years is an example of what kind of sentencing	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: This would be a felony sentence.
149	Q: is it illegal to wear a mask in public in indiana	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Not on Halloween. But at any other time, one would be just asking for trouble, wouldn't he?  Would wearing a mask in public make a cop want to find out what is going on because of some suspicion? What if a bank or a convenience stor had just been robbed? What if you are in a high crime neighborhood?"
150	"Q: I have a default judgment in illinois and need it served on a financial institute in kokomo, IN help"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You will need to register your foreign judgment in the Howard County Indiana
151	"Q: I had a hip replaced nov.22,2010 and it has fell out 12 times been replaced 4 and I', in the hospital now I had a DNR"	"What can i do I woke up in ICU 2 1/2 days 

after the operation even with the DNR.And I have ask what hip was put in 3 or 4 times and i'm always told they dont know -now I have a staff inf."	"Related Topics:
            
            Medical Malpractice"	1	Burton A. Padove	Medical Malpractice Lawyer	A: I am sorry to read about your issues.  I am not exactly sure what you are asking.  It may be that you have a malpractice case or possibly a products liability case.  You may even be part of a class action depending on who the manufacturer of the hip is.  Please contact me or another injury lawyer as I cannot answer your question as stated.
152	Q: I invented and had a prototype working for 2 years i called a company and they stole my invention. Do i have any rights	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: It depends on several factors, such as whether you filed for a patent, whether it may still be possible for you to do so, and whether the company you called agreed to keep the invention confidential. There may also be other relevant facts. You should contact an intellectual property attorney to discuss further.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
153	Q: I have a great plot for a James Bond novel / movie. Am I safe to write it without getting sued?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: While you could probably write it without getting sued, if you wanted to publish, license, or sell the rights, you would need to get permission from the owner of the James Bond copyrights. At the present time, I believe MGM owns those rights. However, they are in finanical difficulty and may have to sell those rights to survive.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
154	Q: What factors might a court consider in determining the constitutionality of an ordinance?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: This is not a basic legal question, unfortunately it requires a lot of attorney time to answer, and we generally do not do that for free.  Factors? There are many. Start studying."
155	Q: Need some thougths on get replied by USCIS	"Need some thoughts on my case ...  

I got RFE on my H1 B case  (california center ) on 8th sep 2015 and replied by my attorney on 15 oct 2015.  

Till today no action has been taken.  

In between my attorney raised a inquiry about why my case is taking longer than our processing time. My attorney got answered that ""According to our record, we are in the middle of a final adjudication on your pending petition. Your case has been adjudicated and a notice of action will be sent to the address of record within 45 days.""  

Here my question is as per USCIS reply they mentioned that they will send the decision within 45 days. so can I believe this as an accurate days and estimate the date according to Inquiry answered.  

Thanks in advance!!"	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: You have to exclude all the holidays and weekends, plus USCIS does not have any obligation to complete the request within 45 days, it may take longer if they have more case back logs. But, yes you should hope to get this within 45 days. If you are in a hurry as your attorney how you can speed it up by opting for premium processing. All the best.  

-Shan Potts  

Like our facebook page for regular immigration and visa updates - www.facebook.com/pottsmartinez  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
156	Q: Can a retiring partner get his capital back	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: it depends on what the agreement is. if it is a partnership, you need to look to the partnership agreement. if it is an LLC, the operating agreement and buy/sell ag govern. if it is a corp, then the by-laws and any buy/sell agreement govern."
157	Q: Will he be denied	My husband is from another country and i am from the usa. i do not have a job and i am a student. we applied for a immigration visa. when he reaches america he will have a job working with my father at his constrution business. will he be denied becuause of me still being a student and not having a job?	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	2	Camlinh Nguyen Rogers	Immigration Law Lawyer	A: There are questions and answers similar to your situation on our website.  You can locate them at http://aba-us.com/other-services/?lang=en. Good luck.
158	Q: Can I be sued for telling others about things that actually happened?	This is more related to my wife. She was in Las Vegas celebrating a friends 30th birthday. A very close male friend of ours that is also married was there for business at the same time and they met up for drinks. He made sexual advances towards her that were rejected. He is now claiming that he will take legal action if he interprets anything she says or text to others regarding the issue as slander or libel. Can that happen?	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: In Indiana truth is an absolute defense to libel or slander, which I will call defamation. Because of the absolute defense other torts that are recognized in other jurisdictions are not in Indiana. A defamation case requires 4-5 elements; 1. a false statement, 2. about the plaintiff, 3. published to a third party, 4. damage to the plaintiff's reputation, (5. strict liability, negligence, or what is called actual malice. That analysis depends on the status of the person being defamed, or the subject matter of the statement if it a public figure, or a matter of public concern).  

Defamation is a complicated field of the law, and you should definitely speak to a local lawyer to whom you can tell all the facts. 

Best of luck!"
159	Q: Can I get a star named after me and claim copyright to it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: No. There is a lot of misunderstanding about this. Names are not protected by copyright. Publishers of publications such as a star registry may register a claim to copyright in the text of the volume [or book] containing the names the registry has assigned to stars, and perhaps the compilation of data; but such a registration would not extend protection to any of the individual star names appearing therein. Copyright registration of such a volume of star names does not confer any official or governmental status on any of the star names included in the volume. For further information on copyright protection and names, see Circular 34, Copyright Protection Not Available for Names, Titles, or Short Phrases, from the Copyright Office.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com"
160	Q: Is an employer legally allowed to deduct 30 minutes per day for a lunch break even though we rarely get one?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: This is an ""employment"" law question, but you asked it in ""other.""  Go see a lawyer who handles employment law."
161	Q: How does a person with a judgment get a garnishment done in Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You will need to file a petition for proceedings supplemental in the same matter in which the judgment was obtained.
162	Q: Mt attorney is claiming he has filed for me Why can't I find It?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: In addition to Terry's advice, why dont you just ask your attorney to send you a file stamped copy of what was filed?"
163	Q: Can my son  or his Mother sue Drs and or hospital for him contacting bactermia ( blood poisioning)  while in hospital?	"Had gall bladder sx, came home, became sick again. Back to same hospital. Ran tests sent home on 3rd day , them saying prob intestional  thing. They called next am, said they needed him to come back.Already had s room for him. They knew he is a parapalegic yet no handicapped access to anything in the room He wasn't allowed any water and sat like that until his legs balooned.   Then told he had Septis We were lied to, Bobby was ignored! Could tell more"	"Related Topics:
            
            Medical Malpractice"	1	Adam Studnicki	Medical Malpractice Lawyer	A: An Indiana medical malpractice lawyer can help you evaluate and advise you for your rights and options.  Most offer free consultations.
164	Q: My friend has been in the u.s. for 15 years 2 of here children were born here is there any way she can get a work visa	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family LawImmigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: A lot of other information is missing, what was your friend's immigration status when she came to the US? What is her status now? If she is living with her husband what is his status. If you would like to know if she can get a work permit just because she lived here for 15 years and has two kids no, the kids will have to turn 21 in order for them to sponsor her. However there are other ways she could apply for a work permit. Consult with an immigration attorney in private to help your friend with this process. All the best. 

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
165	"Q: If I apply for a trademark but they refuse, do I get a refund of the application fee?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Sorry, trademark offices (Federal or State) do not offer refunds, as registration is not guaranteed. The office will will conduct a search and will refuse to register your mark if there is another registered mark or pending mark similar to yours for related goods/services.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
166	Q: Where do I get a form to ask the judge to quit granting continuances to the defendants attorney and ask for expedition?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Support"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: There is no such form that I am aware of.  You may want to consider hiring counsel.  Good luck.
167	Q: Can I settle out of court and who do I contact?	"I just got served papers that  being sued for owing a creditor money beginning back in 2005. The company suing me I believe is a collection agency and I have never received or heard of this company nor have I received any information, letters or phone calls stating that I owe this amount or about this debt. 

I am assuming that it is from a student loan I took out while in school during 2005-2008. 

Needless to say I would like to settle out of court and come to some form of an agreement with the Plaintiff."	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	3	Rachel Lea Hunter	Collections Lawyer	"A: Contact the attorney for the creditor.  However, its not uncommon for bad debts to get bought up by a junk debt buyer, even bad student loan debt.  So it is not remarkable that you have not heard of the company suing you.

Before you settle though, I would seek out an attorney specializing in defense of consumer debt/FDCPA violations.  There may be a statute of limitations issue if this was a private student loan debt.  There may also be issues concerning proof if the debt was bought by a junk debt buyer - they may not be able to prove its your debt at all. Without filing an answer and engaging in discovery, you will not know.  So don't just pay without talking to a lawyer first."
168	Q: Can I file bankruptcy on my car and still keep it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Kevin W. Chern Esq.	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Car loans are typically secured debts, and filing for Chapter 7 bankruptcy does not allow you to keep property that serves as collateral for a debt while eliminating the debt. 

Depending on the value of your car, the amount of the debt and other factors, you may have a few options regarding your car. For example, perhaps discharging your unsecured debts in Chapter 7 bankruptcy would allow you to catch up your car payments and keep your car. Or, maybe Chapter 13 bankruptcy would give you the breathing room you need to catch up your payments over time. In some circumstances, if you've been paying on your car loan for long enough and the vehicle is worth less than you owe, you may be able to reduce the amount due on the loan in Chapter 13 bankruptcy. 

A local bankruptcy lawyer will be able to walk through all of the options with you in detail, once he or she has the details of your financial circumstances and the loan in question. 

*Kevin Chern is an Illinois licensed attorney who has practiced in federal consumer bankruptcy law and consumer protection law for the last 21 years.  He is the Managing Partner of UpRight Law.  Kevin's law partners are licensed in all 50 states and work in conjunction with Mr. Chern to provide bankruptcy and consumer legal services in all 50 states.  Mr. Chern's answers to the questions are intended for informational purposes only and are not intended to be legal advice.  Use of the answers does not establish any attorney-client relationship.  For legal advice, you should consult with an attorney licensed to practice law in your state and with appropriate expertise."
169	Q: Can a convicted felon get into trouble if they tried to purchase a firearm but the deal fell through	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: I suppose that could be an attempted felony. So, the answer would probably be yes."
170	Q: How do i find court case files of the whole trial and police report	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You can go to the courthouse where the case was heard and have the clerk provide you with the file to look at.  You can have copies made for whatever the fee is for doing so.  You can also order a transcript of the entire trial from the judge's court reporter for a fee.  the police report may be contained in State's Discovery in the court file.  good luck.
171	Q: Can emails  stating there is an agreement  override the fact that you can't have a verbal agreement to buy a house?	I have several emails discussing that we took over the house and that the seller would write an agreement. This never happen and now she wants to change the agreement after we have paid on it for 2 years. Can I stop her from doing this?	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	2	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	"A: An email exchange can form the basis for a valid, enforceable contract. The question is whether the emails contain enough documentation of the essential terms that must be agreed on."
172	Q: I was married in Iowa we both live in Indiana can we be divorced in indiana	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Yes, you can be divorced in Indiana so long as you have lived in Indiana for 6 month, and lived in the county in which you file for 3 months."
173	Q: How soon after the child is born can I file a paternity action suit?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: a paternity action can be filed as soon as practical.  i verified this with our attorney nicole keith at rubino ruman who does paternity work.  there is not a waiting period.  good luck.
174	Q: Looking for cases about constructive discharge per religious reasons	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Discrimination"	1	Timothy Coe	Employment Law Lawyer	"A: Need more information on the particulars of the case. It would be extremely difficult to prove constructive discharge because of religion. Discrimination based on religion which led to you feeling the need to quit, but then again I would need more information."
175	Q: Is it legal for a felon to wear body armor	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: I do not know of any restricions on the use of body armor other than in the commission of a felony.
176	"Q: With a Decree of Dissolution of Marriage and Settlement Agreeement in IN, should there always be a settlement agreement?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: There doesn't have to be a settlement agreement, but if the parties are amenable to an agreement then you don't have to waste time in the courtroom (which will cost everyone extra money in attorney's fees). I for one always try to get the parties to agree so there is no contested issues that need to be fought over. 

The parties should realize that there is going to be visitation, which is called ""parenting time"" in IN. And unless the circumstances are extremely unusual there will be some child support paid, most likely by the non-custodial parent if there are children. It is also extremely unlikely that there will be spousal maintenance (or alimony), and the property division is usually a 50/50 split of marital assets unless there is an agreement to the contrary.

Best of luck!"
177	"Q: I paid a law firm several years ago for a chapter 7, however I became ill then moved spaced it off...can I get my $ back?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: You can ask, but you should expect them to deduct for services preformed and for general supplies, copies, etc."
178	Q: What if i fail to pay a judgment	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: In addition to what Michael stated, the judgment holder may sell the and assign the judgment to a collection ageny who will proceed against you."
179	"Q: What is the definition of evading police in Indiana?.Need to know if it is a misdemeanor,or felony"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Here you go :

IC 35-44-3-3

Resisting law enforcement; mandatory sentence

Sec. 3. (a) A person who knowingly or intentionally:

(1) forcibly resists, obstructs, or interferes with a law enforcement officer or a person assisting the officer while the officer is lawfully engaged in the execution of the officer's duties;

(2) forcibly resists, obstructs, or interferes with the authorized service or execution of a civil or criminal process or order of a court; or

(3) flees from a law enforcement officer after the officer has, by visible or audible means, including operation of the law enforcement officer's siren or emergency lights, identified himself or herself and ordered the person to stop;

commits resisting law enforcement, a Class A misdemeanor, except as provided in subsection (b).

(b) The offense under subsection (a) is a:

(1) Class D felony if:

(A) the offense is described in subsection (a)(3) and the person uses a vehicle to commit the offense; or

(B) while committing any offense described in subsection (a), the person draws or uses a deadly weapon, inflicts bodily injury on or otherwise causes bodily injury to another person, or operates a vehicle in a manner that creates a substantial risk of bodily injury to another person;

(2) Class C felony if, while committing any offense described in subsection (a), the person operates a vehicle in a manner that causes serious bodily injury to another person;

(3) Class B felony if, while committing any offense described in subsection (a), the person operates a vehicle in a manner that causes the death of another person; and

(4) Class A felony if, while committing any offense described in subsection (a), the person operates a vehicle in a manner that causes the death of a law enforcement officer while the law enforcement officer is engaged in the officer's official duties.

(c) For purposes of this section, a law enforcement officer includes an enforcement officer of the alcohol and tobacco commission and a conservation officer of the department of natural resources.

(d) If a person uses a vehicle to commit a felony offense under subsection (b)(1)(B), (b)(2), (b)(3), or (b)(4), as part of the criminal penalty imposed for the offense, the court shall impose a minimum executed sentence of at least:

(1) thirty (30) days, if the person does not have a prior unrelated 

conviction under this section;

(2) one hundred eighty (180) days, if the person has one (1) prior unrelated conviction under this section; or

(3) one (1) year, if the person has two (2) or more prior unrelated convictions under this section.

(e) Notwithstanding IC 35-50-2-2 and IC 35-50-3-1, the mandatory minimum sentence imposed under subsection (d) may not be suspended.

(f) If a person is convicted of an offense involving the use of a motor vehicle under:

(1) subsection (b)(1)(A), if the person exceeded the speed limit by at least twenty (20) miles per hour while committing the offense;

(2) subsection (b)(2); or

(3) subsection (b)(3);

the court may notify the bureau of motor vehicles to suspend or revoke the person's driver's license and all certificates of registration and license plates issued or registered in the person's name in accordance with IC 9-30-4-6(b)(3) for the period described in IC 9-30-4-6(d)(4) or IC 9-30-4-6(d)(5). The court shall inform the bureau whether the person has been sentenced to a term of incarceration. At the time of conviction, the court may obtain the person's current driver's license and return the license to the bureau of motor vehicles.

As added by Acts 1976, P.L.148, SEC.4. Amended by Acts 1977, P.L.340, SEC.61; Acts 1979, P.L.83, SEC.11; P.L.188-1984, SEC.1; P.L.325-1987, SEC.1; P.L.248-1993, SEC.1; P.L.13-1998, SEC.1; P.L.143-2006, SEC.2; P.L.100-2010, SEC.6; P.L.102-2010, SEC.2; P.L.42-2011, SEC.74."
180	"Q: Q. What do the terms ""patent pending"" and ""patent applied for"" mean?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: ""Patent pending"" means you applied for a patent, and the application is still active - it has not been finally rejected, or, issued as a patent.  ""Patent applied for"" is not a commonly used term, but it means that a patent application was filed, even though it could have been finally rejected.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
181	Q: What is the benifit of holding real estate in an llc?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	A: It will limit the ability of your debts from outside the LLC from causing you to lose the land.  It can create tax deductions that you may not otherwise eligible to receive.
182	"Q: I retained an attorney 9 months ago, shouldn't he have informed my creditors?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Generally yes.  However, the answer may be different depending upon what information the attorney was provided or obtained."
183	Q: how would I obtain a chronological case summary of a civil lawsuit that was filed in 1993 & ruled in my favor in 1995	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	"A: I am not familiar with the courts in Indiana. However, you might call the clerk of the Court and ask how you can take a look at the docket from your case."
184	"Q: If a parent leaves a 12 yr old with family friends for months, can the family friends go for custody?"	"Abusive parents decides they don't want to deal with their 12 almost 13 yr old daughter, so instead of the parents putting her in foster care or some sort of facility again, they leave her with family friends for 3 months to a yr. Is it possible for that family to try and take guardianship or adopt the girl without her parents signing since they refuse to since they are to afraid to lose food stamps and support that are supposed to be for that child?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Based on the information presented, it sounds as if you would have a claim for custody based on the 'de facto custodian"" statute."
185	Q: My husband is ending a 25 year marrage. He is taking the only car and leaving me homeless in 30 days can I stop this?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Indiana courts START with a presumption of a 50-50 split.

IC 31-15-7-4

Division of property

Sec. 4. (a) In an action for dissolution of marriage under IC 31-15-2-2, the court shall divide the property of the parties, whether:

(1) owned by either spouse before the marriage;

(2) acquired by either spouse in his or her own right:

(A) after the marriage; and

(B) before final separation of the parties; or

(3) acquired by their joint efforts.

(b) The court shall divide the property in a just and reasonable manner by:

(1) division of the property in kind;

(2) setting the property or parts of the property over to one (1) of the spouses and requiring either spouse to pay an amount, either in gross or in installments, that is just and proper;

(3) ordering the sale of the property under such conditions as the court prescribes and dividing the proceeds of the sale; or

(4) ordering the distribution of benefits described in IC 31-9-2-98(b)(2) or IC 31-9-2-98(b)(3) that are payable after the dissolution of marriage, by setting aside to either of the parties a percentage of those payments either by assignment or in kind at the time of receipt.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.7.

IC 31-15-7-5

Presumption for equal division of marital property; rebuttal

Sec. 5. The court shall presume that an equal division of the marital property between the parties is just and reasonable. However, this presumption may be rebutted by a party who presents relevant evidence, including evidence concerning the following factors, that an equal division would not be just and reasonable:

(1) The contribution of each spouse to the acquisition of the property, regardless of whether the contribution was income producing.

(2) The extent to which the property was acquired by each spouse:

(A) before the marriage; or

(B) through inheritance or gift.

(3) The economic circumstances of each spouse at the time the disposition of the property is to become effective, including the desirability of awarding the family residence or the right to dwell in the family residence for such periods as the court considers just to the spouse having custody of any children.

(4) The conduct of the parties during the marriage as related to the disposition or dissipation of their property.

(5) The earnings or earning ability of the parties as related to:

(A) a final division of property; and

(B) a final determination of the property rights of the parties."
186	Q: My husband owned our house before we married.  What form do we need to add my name to the title/deed - in Indiana.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You need a quitclaim deed.  An attorney will usually prepare one for about $50.  Your local Recorder will charge $16 to record it.  I cannot recall if there is a $5 - $10 Auditors fee.
187	Q: I came up with a great idea and told my employer about it before I quit.  Now she's using. Do I have any rights?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: There is a good chance you have rights, but more facts must be known.  In particiular, did you ever sign an agreement with your employer agreeing to assign rights to any inventions to the employer.  If not, was your job to ""invent"" the particualr invention?  You should consult with a registered patent attorney.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
188	"Q: There was no will, however the deceased left two minor chidren from first marriage-are they intitled to any assets"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	2	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	A: They are. See Indiana Code 29-1-2-1 for details since the rules vary by relationships involved.
189	Q: my son who iss in a childrens facility had a relationship with a staff member. She was fired. CAN I SUE?	"What kinds of attorney do i get if i can? This is in Southbend Indiana, He is still there and they are still trying to have  a relatioship. There is more to this too"	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: More information is needed. Try an injury or a lawyer does cases relating to those types of facilities. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information.  It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
190	Q: What is the difference between a trademark and a service mark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A trademark is used in connection with products (such as TIDE for laundry detergent), while a servicemark is used in connection with services (such as ROTO-ROOTER fo plumbing services). Some marks can be both a trademark and a service, such as DAIRY QUEEN, which is used for both restaurant services, and, for products like ice cream cakes.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
191	Q: What are the benefits of filing for a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: In my experience, there are five reasons businesses get patents. First, and most prevalent, is to obtain a monopoly on the patent technology. In other words, a patent owner can prevent others from making, using or selling the patented invention. Second, you can make money by selling or licensing the patent to others. Third, some businesses are in industries where the competitors frequently sue each other. If you have patent portfolio and get sued by a competitor, you may have ammunition for a counterclaim if the plaintiff happens to be infringing one of your patents. Fourth, being able to claim that your product is ""patented"" gives you some marketing ""sizzle"" and greater credibility. Finally, many businesses get patents as a way of recognizing the accomplishments of their employees. Engineers and other creative types often find that recognition by their employer is important to job satisfaction, and having their employer patent their ideas makes them feel good.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
192	"Q: What does motion to dismiss defendent, occupants mean for a forclosure?"	The house hs been vacant an the court has a dismissal of the defendent.	"Related Topics:
            
            Foreclosure"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: This means that those persons who were occupying the house have been dismissed from the case.  An example would be when a Plaintiff names a tenant without knowing that the house had been vacated.
193	Q: How can I find out when I will be elegible for citizenship?	I became a US  permanent resident on Feb. 2015 because my husband is a citizen and petitioned for me. At the time of our interview we had been married for 2 and a half years (now 3 and a half) and the immigration agent said that I could become a citizen in 2 years. Was he right? Or probably a mistake and I have to wait 3 years?	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: You most likely have to wait 2 years and 9 months at least to file for citizenship. The immigration agent might have been confused with some other date. I suggest you talk to an attorney before filing because if you file ahead of time, you will not get your application fees back. All the best.  

-Shan Potts  

Like our facebook page for regular immigration updates - www.facebook.com/pottsmartinez  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
194	Q: One of my employees designed a great logo for my business.  Am I safe to use it without paying them extra for it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	2	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Good question. If the logo is copyrightable, and making the logo was not withing the scope of the employee's job, then the employee may own they copyright to the logo, meaning it could not be reproduced without infringing his or her copyright.  However, the circumstances are highly fact specific, so you should consult with a copyright / trademark / intellectual property attorney for a more precise answer.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
195	Q: If I sold My mobile home for cash can the buyers get me to give back the money and cancel the deal?	The have a signed title and the only reason they want their money back is because they now cannot afford the moving of the mobile home to their property. This was a agreed term before it was purchased	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: That sounds like a unilateral thing to me. Go speak with a local attorney about this.
196	Q: What form do i need or where can i find this form to Petition to Terminate Guardianship in INDIANA?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You should be able to locate this form at www.in.gov/judiciary
197	Q: We live in CA. My 14 yr old son is charged with 2 felonies in IN. I am unemployed and broke. How do i get him a lawyer?	We have been summoned to appear at the initial hearing in IN re: the petition for delinquency. What steps do I take to get him represented by a lawyer?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: If you and your son qualify, you may be entitled to a public defender.  The Court will make that determination and assign one if appropriate.  Another option might be if there is a free legal aid clinic.  You can check with the local bar association and/or the clerk of the Court for phone numbers."
198	Q: Can I register a copyright to a diary I found in my grandmother's attic?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Only a ""claimant"" to a copyright can register it. You are not the ""author"" so you cannot claim ownership through authorship. However, assuming your grandmother is dead, and your are her sole heir, you may be the copyright owner under the laws where your grandmother died. If this is the case, you can register a copyright.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
199	"Q: In the state of Indiana, can I find out the status of my divorce online and can I assume all debt and then file Chapt 7?"	"The divorce is uncontested. The settlement will split some debt in court but I know my ex cannot pay anything. I would like to assume the debt and move on or it will be a painful volitile situation. I am having a protective order issued, as it is and want no further contact of any kind with him. I would like to assume the debt then file Chapt. 7. Most debt was in my name anyway as he had no job and no way to pay most of the 20 years we were married. Also, he was arrested in 2002 for misdemeaner drug charge. Will the judge see this? I would hope so. What information does the judge see?

Content added on January 3rd, 2011 at 12:03 PM

Thank you for the answer. I also received the confirmation of what you stated from the court. It actually assisted my situation in a fair manner so I appreciate it."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	J. Richard Kulerski Esq.	"Oak Brook, IL"	"A: I am an IL attorney and am not qualified to answer a question that pertains to IN law, but the answer to your question should be the same in all states. If you assume the debt and then discharge the debt in bankruptcy, your husband will still owe whatever he owed before.

Your agreement to assume all the debt is not binding on the creditors. You are not divorcing them, you are merely divorcing your husband."
200	"Q: I trademarked PhysicianFit.com B4 a co. trademarked PhysicianFit. How good of an infringement case do I have, if any?"	"I still own the PhysicianFit.com address & the company that is using PhysicianFit wants to get this domain. The link to their website is: 

http://www.hiringinhealthcare.com/healthcare-assessments/physicianfit-in..."	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Jason Daniel Stone	"Colts Neck, NJ"	"A: Did you trademark the domain name or did you register the domain name, there is a large difference as far as your legal remedies go.  I suggest you speak with a local intellectual property attorney to discuss this matter."
201	Q: My ex husband filed bankrupsy and i am supposed to get $6000.how do i find outwhen i will receive it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: the question is difficult to answer because there isn't alot of detail. the best thing you can do is call the lawyer who represented you in the divorce.  he/she should readily be able to answer the question. if your ex went bankrupt, he obviously isn't flush with money and his indebtedness to you, assuming it still exists, isn't something you should count on geting any time soon.  good luck"
202	Q: A former spouse has a life insurance policy on me I don't approve. Do I have recourse? not mentioned in divorce. Forgot	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: The answer may depend on how long ago the divorce decree was entered.  Additionally, sometimes, if there is a child support order, the court will require life insurance so I am not sure whether you could correct the situation anyway.  You chould contact your divorce attorney."
203	Q: Can a hospital change the payment account number on a payment check before cashing it?	I have a medical bill account with a medical bill collection agency. I set up a payment arrangement 6 months ago. The lady who set the arrangement up with me told me that I can continue to send the payments to the hospital with the new account number and they would apply it to the account. Ive made 6 payments of $100. They were all cashed by the hospital. The collection agency never saw a cent. They are sending it to a judge. I have electronic copies of the checks from where they were cashed. The hospital crossed out the account number and hand wrote a different one. Was that a legal practice by the hospital? I confirmed that they do have a process in place with their collection company for transferring payments to accounts in collections.	"Related Topics:
            
            CollectionsHealth Care LawMedical Malpractice"	1	Adam Studnicki	Medical Malpractice Lawyer	"A: Not sure how this is malpractice, but check with a consumer protection or debtor's rights lawyer. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information.  It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
204	"Q: I saw an innovatiive machine at a trade show in Germany, and there is nothing like it in the US. Can I get a US patent?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: No, you would not be able to obtain a US patent on the same machine, becuase in the US, a patent can only be issued to the ""inventor,"" and you are not the inventor.  However, most patents are not for entire machines, but only improvements to things others have done in the past.  If you make an improvement to the machine you saw in Germany, you may be able to patent the improvement.  If the machine from Germany is patented in the US, you may also be able to license the US rights to the patent.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
205	Q: Do repair shops have to specify (used or aftermarket parts) on bill so consumer knows hes getting old parts?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Lemon Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: I am unaware of a state statute governing the repair shop.  There is currently legislation pending in Congress known as the ""Damaged Vehicle Information Act”that may apply.  Additioally, case law concerning fraud would apply if the repair facility passes used parts as new or aftermarket parts as a manufacturer's.  If your situation involves an insurer, the insurer must give you notice of your rights to have OEM parts if the vehicle is under 5 years old."
206	Q: What are my leagl rights are in a divorce case in indiana	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: Bith parties to a divorce have many rights. What your final outcome is depends on the facts specific to your case.
207	"Q: If I co-signed for my nephew and he filed bankruptcy, am I liable to pay his debt?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Kevin W. Chern Esq.	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Generally, when the primary debtor files for Chapter 7 bankruptcy, a co-signer will be liable for the debt. When the primary debtor files for bankruptcy, an automatic stay will usually be entered. The stay prevents the creditor from attempting to collect from the debtor who has filed for bankruptcy protection, but the stay doesn't protect co-signers, so creditors will often turn to the co-signer for payment (and the law typically allows them to do so). 

Chapter 13 bankruptcy works a bit differently. Since Chapter 13 includes a payment plan, the automatic stay extends to protect most co-signers while the primary debtor makes payments under the plan. 

Kevin Chern is an Illinois licensed attorney who has practiced in federal consumer bankruptcy law and consumer protection law for the last 21 years.  He is the Managing Partner of UpRight Law.  Kevin's law partners are licensed in all 50 states and work in conjunction with Mr. Chern to provide bankruptcy and consumer legal services in all 50 states.  Mr. Chern's answers to the questions are intended for informational purposes only and are not intended to be legal advice.  Use of the answers does not establish any attorney-client relationship.  For legal advice, you should consult with an attorney licensed to practice law in your state and with appropriate expertise."
208	Q: House sold in ky.  buyers have filed bankruptcy. what do i do.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Assuming that you are a mortgage holder or sold the house on an installment contract, you file a claim with the court and hire counsel as the situation is quite complex."
209	"Q: My son broke out the Warsaw, In work release.  I took him back a few hours later.   How much time can he get for this?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: The amount of time that anyone is sentenced to depends upon many more factors than you have given here. The judge, the prosecutor, the prior criminal record, and the abilities of his attorney, along with the actual facts of the case, are all different variables which must be known. If you must know only the answer to your question, you can look up the statute, find out what category of crime it falls under, and then look up the laws on punishment for that particular class of crime.  I think you can look all of it up right here on Justia, or you can usually search the law in your state on the internet. Here is part of what you need: http://www.myindianadefenselawyer.com/criminal-charges/"
210	Q: Likelyhood of success?	I have purchased a product from a company in Indiana/America (I am from England). Have requested a refund as the product hasn't shown up in 2 years and am getting very rude responses and most of the time no response at all. If I took said person/company owner to a small claims court (and/or) tried to sue him (I'm not sure if that's the same thing) how likely do you think this case'd be to get me my money back? Thanks.	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Timothy Coe	Consumer Law Lawyer	"A: It's possible. I would recommend hiring a local lawyer to handle it for you and there is a $90 filing fee in small claims and lawyers aren't cheap so I would ask how much it is worth to you. Now you can file yourself for just the $90 and see how it goes. You might also try filing something with the Better Business Bureau. 

Best of luck!"
211	Q: Im at traffic court and a police officer smells marijuana on my persons and searches me and finds nothing.	The police officer proceeds to escorts me to my vehicle.  The officer asked me to search vehicle and if i didnt agree he would call for canine to search.  Is this legal?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Not in my opinion, but I know only what you have written, and that is not enough for a solid answer."
212	Q: Shouldn't the United States Postal Service be able to sue the Faternal Order of Eagles for copyright infringment?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: I don't think so. I am not aware of any specific eagle logo of the FOE that they have registered and that the USPS has copied.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
213	Q: If my wife is pregnant. Can she file for divorce still in Indiana.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Yes, she may still file for divorce if she is pregnant."
214	Q: An aunt petitioned for her sister like 3 yrs ago. Her visa expires in april 2016. Can she renew her visa?	"She is not in the US, she is in Mexico right now and wants to travel to visit family around the end of march before her visa expires because she does not know if she can renew with an application pending"	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Camlinh Nguyen Rogers	Immigration Law Lawyer	A: Your question provides with insufficient facts to be answered.
215	Q: Can I make and sell model cars that are based on a famous Indianapolis 500 car?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: This would be risky if you did not have the permission of the car designer and/or driver. The care could be covered by a design patent. Also, there is a somewhat famous case in which someone who did exactly what you propose was found to have violated the ""right of publicity"" of the driver. In Motschenbacher v. R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co., 498 F.2d 821 (9th Cir. 1974), the court found that infringement had occured because the design of the race car was so famous, that it was associated with the personality of the driver.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
216	Q: Can district court prosecute you for a counterfeit trademark offense?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Yes, a Federal Attonrey can prosecute you for a counterfeit trademark offense per 9 USC 1715: In order to show that a trademark used by the defendant was a ""counterfeit mark"" the government must prove the following: The mark is spurious. 18 U.S.C. § 2320(d)(1)(a). A mark is ""spurious"" if it is ""not genuine or authentic."" Joint Statement on Trademark Counterfeiting Legislation, 130 Cong. Rec. H12076, H12078 (daily ed. Oct. 10, 1984)(hereinafter ""Joint Statement""). The mark was used in connection with trafficking in goods or services. 18 U.S.C. § 2320(d)(1)(A)(i). The mark is ""identical with, or substantially indistinguishable from"" the genuine trademark. 18 U.S.C. § 2320 (d)(1)(a)(ii). This element assures that not every case of trademark infringement amounts to trademark counterfeiting. The ""indistinguishable from"" standard is to be interpreted on a case-by-case basis. Joint Statement, 130 Cong. Rec H12078.|C906 The phrase is intended to prevent a counterfeiter from escaping liability by modifying a protected trademark in trivial ways, while excluding arguable cases of trademark infringement involving trademarks which are merely ""reminiscent of"" protected trademarks. Id. The Act does not extend to imitations or ""trade dress,"" such as the color, shape, or design of packaging, unless those features have been registered as trademarks. Id. at H12079. The genuine mark is registered on the principal register in the United States Patent and Trademark Office. 18 U.S.C. § 2320(d)(1)(A)(ii). This element limits the class of trademarks covered by the statute. It also establishes the basis for federal jurisdiction under the Commerce Clause, since use in commerce is a requirement for registration. See 15 U.S.C. § § 1051, 1057. Registration on the principal register is prima facie evidence that the mark has been in interstate commerce prior to registration. Maternally Yours, Inc. v. Your Maternity Shop, Inc., 234 F.2d 538 (2d Cir. 1956); 15 U.S.C. § 1057(b). It is not necessary to prove that the defendant knew the mark was registered. See 18 U.S.C. § 2320(d)(1)(A)(ii). The genuine mark is in use. The genuine mark must not only be registered, it must also be in use. 18 U.S.C. § 2320(d)(1)(A)(ii). The goods or services are those for which the genuine mark is registered. 18 U.S.C. § 2320(d)(1)(A)(ii). The definition of counterfeit mark extends only to imitations of registered marks which are used in connection with the goods or services for which the mark is registered. See 18 U.S.C. § 2320(d)(1)(A)(ii). For example, a mark used in connection with typewriter paper which is identical to or substantially indistinguishable from a mark registered only for use on typewriters would not be a counterfeit mark, although civil remedies might be available under the Lanham Act. See Joint Statement, 130 Cong. Rec H12079. The use of counterfeit mark is ""likely to cause confusion, to cause the mistake, or to deceive."" 18 U.S.C. § 2320(d)(1)(iii). The phrase ""use of which is likely to cause confusion, to cause mistake, or to deceive"" is taken from the remedial section of the Lanham Act. Joint Statement, 130 Cong. Rec. H12079. This element is the essence of a trademark infringement.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
217	Q: I reside in Indiana.  I was my husband's second wife.  He passed away.  We were married for 30 years and I am 60 years	I am 60 years old.  Am I eligible for his social security benefits and pension.	"Related Topics:
            
            Social Security"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You are entitled to social security benefits.  You would have to contact the adminstrator of the pension to detemine whether you are entitled to any benefits.
218	Q: Are there any specific court cases dealing with the capacity of mentally  impaired dealing with contracts?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	"A: Yes. You would need to provide more facts, but generally speaking, the Indiana courts state that the mental capacity required to enter into a contract ""is whether the person was able to understand in a reasonable manner the nature and effect of his act"" on the date of the agreement."
219	Q: How can someone who owes immigration fees in Belize get a social security card?	"He has been living in Belize since 2005, married to a Belizean, and has 2 kids. He arrived from another Caribbean country in 2005 but currently owes immigration back fees, which he cannot afford to pay as he cannot get a job due to his status. How can he go about getting his immigration status in order without risking being found and thrown into jail? Is there a way for him to get a waiver so that this family can have a better life?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: A: If he owes immigration fees in the US there may be a way to apply for a waiver. Talk to an immigration attorney in private to help you with this. All the best.  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
220	Q: Does parole and probation ussually run together	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: No.  Although similar in many ways, a court administers probation, the parole board administers parole."
221	Q: How does a person with a judgment get a garnishment done in Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You will need to file a petition for proceedings supplemental in the same matter in which the judgment was obtained.
222	"Q: If someone finds my copyrighted work and wants to license it, how do they know how to contact me?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The best way is to always include contact information on copies of your work that you distributed, such as your name, phone number, and website URL, if you have one.  Also, be sure to register your copyright.  The registrations are searchable, and you would be listed as the owner.  If you do this, be sure to keep your current address on file with the copyright office for each of your registrations.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
223	"Q: My girlfriend I, I am a female as well, are looking to have a baby together via insemination."	"Will she have any rights to said child? Would she be able to adopt? I understand Indiana is Anti Gay, but does that I believe that is just for marriage?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Adoption"	1	Burton A. Padove	Family Law Lawyer	"A: Yes, she will be able to adopt and she should not have any difficulty based on sexual preference.. I have handled these before."
224	Q: I am a student with a student visa. My dad got married to a US citizen	or is there a process I need to go through? I am 20 and not married	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: Yes, if your stepmom is sponsoring your dad with a green card you can be added to that petition as a derivative. All the best.  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
225	Q: Does my exhusband need to recalculate his child support payments since he has had an increase in pay and remarried?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: He doesn't need to,but you can petition the court with a figure in mind if you know how much he makes at his new job and any other responsibilities that he may have. I would recommend contacting your lawyer to get started."
226	Q: My mom passed away here recently n left behind my 15yr old brother his father is in jail and i want guardianship of him	Im his oldest sister and i want guardianship till his father gets out of prison....My little brother wants to stay with me and what can i do and what do I need???	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: I practice law in Florida, and one of the types of cases we can bring here is a petition for temporary custody by extended family. I do not know if that is available in your state, or whether you have to file a guardianship case. The best thing to do is to go talk to a local family attorney about this."
227	Q: I worked roofers union all my life and its seasonal work can not go back to work due to disability what type lawyer do i	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Depedning on the nature of your injury and how it was caused, either an attorney who handles social security disability cases and/or owrkers compensation"
228	Q: Can I absolve this debt and how?	"I co-signed at a buy here pay here car place several years ago. The owner of the car has not paid over $4000 on the car and is refusing to pay so the debt is landing on me. I have not even seen the car in over 3 years. I recently had a court date without any representation, the owner of the car did not show and the entire debt got laid solely on me. Is there anything I can do to absolve myself of this debt?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	2	Howard Berkson	"Tulsa, OK"	"A: Probably not.  However, rights of the co-signer differ significantly across the states, so you will have to talk to an attorney in your area for details.  Additionally, you will want to talk to that attorney about the possibility of suing the title owner of the vehicle for the outstanding amount."
229	Q: Can a person file bankruptcy on a loan given as an advance of her inheritance?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: If the Granter is already dead, then the entire inheritance is subject to the Bky.  If the Granter is still alive, then it was merely a loan and the Granter can change his/her estate plan to provide for the grant."
230	Q: I have questions about filing for Chapter 13 bankruptcy	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Timothy Coe	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: What are those questions? This is the forum to ask questions. If you are in Northwest Indiana you can call my office if you like at 219-921-0799.
231	Q: 11 year old grandson's bio father abandoned him and my daughter during pregnancy.  No interest or contact for all that	Time.  Daughter had mental breakdown and tried to commit dual suicide with grandson.  Came to her senses and drove both of them to hospital.  I have temporary placement now (child and mother also lived with me his entire live except for last 6 months).  Bio father now wants custody and his wife wants to adopt.  Grandson doesn't want to meet bio father	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: your daughter needs to hire a family lawyer preferably in the county in which she and her son reside. you are welcome to call either our adam sedia or nicole keith for a free consultation. we are in lake county but the advice they give you should be good for whatever county you live in.  good luck and god bless your daughter and grandson.
232	Q: How much does it cost to have a will legally done?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Timothy Coe	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: That would depend on the lawyer who does it, and what other instruments you may want to consider having made. A fair price for drafting a will (and other related documents) would be between $1000.00 to $3000.00 depending on what you need done, and the expertise or skill of the lawyer drafting the documents. There are also a number of rituals that need to take place when signing a will etc., that you will need to accomplish, and those require the involvement of other people, from witnesses to notary public(s). 

Hope this helps."
233	Q: What is a collective membership mark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A certification mark is any word, phrase, symbol or design, or a combination thereof owned by one party who certifies the goods and services of others when they meet certain standards. The owner of the mark exercises control over the use of the mark; however, because the sole purpose of a certification mark is to indicate that certain standards have been met, use of the mark is by others.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
234	"Q: In a dissolution of marriage where a child was born before marriage, how does the respondent reply in a written form?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Could you please repost as I am not sure about what you are trying to accomplish.  Thank you
235	Q: What is a merchant? is it just the seller or will coke will the merchant of their products sold inside mcdonalds	"I am working on a problem and a lady got a soft drink from a local restaurant and she got ill from it. I am looking into the implied warranty and merchantability of the restaurant. It qualifies as a sale, but Im curious, is the merchant the restaurant, or is the merchant the one that manufactured the drink. Georgia Code Ann 11-2-314"	"Related Topics:
            
            Products Liability"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: under indiana law, everyone in the ""stream of commerce"" is subject to liability. this includes the manufacturer/bottler and the store."
236	Q: Is it illegal for a 15 yr old girl to have a 22 yr old boyfriend if there is no sex?	"My daughter and boyfriend started talking before I knew. They came forward and said they had feelings. I set forth strict rules due to her already having feelings. No being alone at all no going any where without a parent. No sexual contact. She is 15, I thought he was about 20 at time. I learned months later he was 22 and he had been sneaking over while I was at work. She is online schooled and home alone while I work. She became pregnant before I knew they were intimate. I had no idea he was sneaking over or they had a sexual relation. He had no car or license. Now state is involved and saying I may be charged with failure to provide supervision? I am only gone while at work, I have to work. She has to attend school. I had no idea he was coming over. Her father refuses to get internet so she doesn't have to be left alone. How am I in trouble when I had no knowledge rules being broken and had strict rules in place?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Terrence H Thorgaard	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: By the way, this: ""Her father refuses to get internet so she doesn't have to be left alone."" is nonsense.  There are many ways an unsupervised 15-year old can get in trouble other than going on the Internet.  :)"
237	"Q: Who first penned the phrase, ""wall of separation between Church and State?"""	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Do an internet search on this to get the answer.
238	Q: How can I be sure the Patent Office will not give others information contained in my application while it is pending?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: Most patent applications filed on or after November 29, 2000, will be published 18 months after the filing date of the application, or any earlier filing date relied upon under Title 35, United States Code. Otherwise, all patent applications are maintained in the strictest confidence until the patent is issued or the application is published. After the application has been published, however, a member of the public may request a copy of the application file. After the patent is issued, the Office file containing the application and all correspondence leading up to issuance of the patent is made available in the Files Information Unit for inspection by anyone, and copies of these files may be purchased from the Office.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
239	Q: Who is at fault for the accident?	"My 16 year old son was driving in Indiana with a Florida Drivers license, a car slams on breaks in front of him for no reason 40 ft. From the redlight with noone in front of him, they pulled onto the side of the road and took pics of both cars before the guy exchanges info he says he is going to a parking lot where it is safer because he has kids in the car, so my son followed him because it was his first accident and he didnt have the guys info, when they get into the parking lot my son called a police and got a officer to come out the driver of the other car didnt have his driver license on him and just tells the cop his name and date of birth and the cop didnt write either 1 of them a ticket so who is at fault?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Adam Studnicki	Personal Injury Lawyer	"A: If a settlement is not negotiated, a jury can decide. 

Please Take Notice: I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information. It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents. I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience. I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
240	Q: I violated my probation by not completing all my community service and substance abuse classes. What will happen?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: How much time were you facing prior to being put on probation? You are now facing that amount of time again, probably."
241	Q: Can they levy my corporate assests for a judgement on personal debt?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Unfortunately, the protection of a corporation only works one way.  A corporation only protected the shareholders from the debts of the Corp.  The corp is not protected from the debts of the shareholders. Your personal creditors can levy the corp to the extent of your ownership."
242	Q: A large company has sued me an other in my industry for patent infringement. We think the patent is bogus. What to do?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: Some patent owners file many individual suits in different jurisdictions against purported infringers, with the hope that they can obtain quick settlements. However, it can potentially be prudent for the various defendants to join forces and have all the various lawsuits consolidated in one court and tried at once. This way, the costs for certain defenses, such as invalidity of the patent, can be shared among all the defendants. This type of consolidation procedure is discusssed here: http://www.iniplaw.org/2010/09/multiple-patent-infringement-s.html

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
243	"Q: 2 yrs into a chapter 13, IN. I asked my laywer about converting to ch 7 , He said I couldnt. How can i find guidance?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Timothy Coe	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Yes, you can convert to a chapter 7. It is not as simple a process as it would have been had you not been two years in, but if you are willing to pay the filing fee for a chapter 7 and update the court on all your debts, you can do it."
244	Q: when buying a house for cash what fees are there	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: Even when my clients are buying a house for cash, I advise them to use a closing or settlement agent to handle the closing to make sure everything is done correctly, and I also advise them to obtain an owner's title insurance policy, which will likely require a survey to be performed. The usual practice is to have the title company serve as the closing or settlement agent, in addition to obtaining the title policy from an underwriter, and they will likely prepare the deed, sales disclosure form, and any affidavits or other necessary documents. Depending on the situation, you may also want to have a home inspector go through the house.   So with all that -- there's the cost of the home inspection, the cost of title work and survey, the premium for the owner's title polcy, and the fee for the closing services (probably with separate document preparation fees for the deed, etc.).  In addition, there will be a modest fee owed to the county recorder for recording the deed and a filing fee to the county auditor or assessor for the sales disclosure form.  In addition, depending on how you negotiate the tax payments and what time of the year the sale happens, the buyer may need to reimburse the seller for taxes already paid or the seller may need to pay the buyer for taxes not yet paid, but those aren't really ""fees.""  I suppose the fee for recording the deed and the fee for filing the sales disclosure form are the only ones that you simply cannot avoid by accepting more risk and doing all the work yourself, but again I'd never advise my own clients to do that.  Although some of those fees are customarily paid for by the buyer and some by the seller, who pays for what is really all negotiable."
245	"Q: If apartments advertise as ""55 and Better"", why can they also allow children"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: I am not sure what you mean by ""55 and Better"".  However, all of the advertising material and leases would need to be reviewed in order to properly answer your question."
246	Q: Why would we have to turn over our Federal tax return to trustee if bankruptcy already finished	Bankruptcy trustee says to get a paper check and give to them...I have never heard of this before.	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: Because it was a right to something that existed prior to the filing of the case and therefore was subject to the Bky.
247	Q: I just lost all of my money in a poker game. i lost EVERY SINGLE DOLLAR!!! do i need a bankruptcy lawyer?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: not necessarily.  first what you need to do is stop gambling - you won't get even but will get even worse. second, go to work, make money and prioritize what debts and expenses you pay with a view towards paying everyone in full. try to make arangements with your creditors. third, if your gambling has or is hurting someone else then you need to sincerely seek their forgiveness and make amends by putting your nose to the grindstone so to speak by being productive. this is not the end of the world and could be the beginning of a better one.  i would normally say good luck but luck is really the result of hardwork."
248	Q: I have custody of my 15 & 16 year old nephews. My sister passed away 2 months ago and their father is in jail. I'm they.	....they have. The 15 year old is going to be on parole. Is it legal for them to put me on probation too. I only want to help. Plz reply....I'm stuck!	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: You really have not given enough facts here. Yes, minors can be on probation."
249	Q: How many yrs can a habitual theft offender possibly get in ind?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: It's a maximum three times the advisory [formerly called presumptive] sentence for a particular felony.

For a D felony, the advisory is 18 months, so the max habitual is 4 1/2 years.

For a C felony, the advisory is 4 years, so the max habitual is 12 years.

For a B felony and above, the maximum habitual is 30 years."
250	Q: Do you know of an attorney that can help a blind tenant that was locked out wrongfully during a pending foreclosure	US Bank sent five brothers company to landlord property having no title while in foreclosure and had tenant locked out without prior notice and said agent told police to arrest for trespass as US BANK was the owner although all public records and court case show that landlord is still the owner of the title to this rental property that has not gone to sheriff sale	"Related Topics:
            
            Foreclosure"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: I am sorry that no one answered this sooner.  Hopefully, you did receive help independently from Justia Answers.  Regardless, in the event that you still need help, please repost with information concerning the county where you live."
251	Q: i need a lawyer for six different criminal caseshow much would it cost	null	"Related Topics:
            
            White Collar Crime"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: You have to ask individual attorneys this question. Go see a few locally.
252	Q: What is the difference between a provisional and a non-provisional patent application?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	2	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: A ""provisional"" patent application is not a ""real"" patent application in the sense that it will not result in the issuance of a patent.  However, it establishes a date of invention.   You then have 12 months to file a ""non-provisional"" patent application which claims the benefit of the earlier-filed non-provisional.  The non-provisional application is usually more detailed and costs more money to prepare and file.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
253	"Q: Can my landlord charge me now to enter the swimming pool, if it was part of my rental agreement?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Landlord - Tenant"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If your agreement allows you free use of the pool, absent another clause that allows the landlord to change the terms, there should not be a charge."
254	Q: Can family sue family for slander in Indiana?	My boyfriend got into it with his aunt. And decided to expos her on his TV show. He showed a conversation he had with her through private messaging. As well as it showed her profile picture. And he also mentioned names in his show. His show airs on a library channel.	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: From what you said it doesn't sound like there is anything untrue about what was said. Indiana might not recognize the tort of publication of private facts, so I don't see a case of it here. If Indiana still recognizes a private facts claim, the elements are: (1) a public disclosure of private information concerning the plaintiff that would be highly offensive and objectionable to a reasonable person of ordinary sensibilities; (2) to persons who have no legitimate interest in the information; (3) in a manner that is coercive and oppressive."
255	Q: What is tort claims notice	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: In Indiana and many other states, if you have a claim against the State, you can not file a suit until you first give the State notice of the claim, and allow a certain time period to elapse.

The form to use in Indiana is here: http://www.in.gov/indot/files/tort_claim.pdf

The Indiana statute covering this issue is below.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com

Indiana Code 34-13-3:

Sec 3.  A governmental entity or an employee acting within the scope of the employee's employment is not liable if a loss results from:

(1)   the natural condition of unimproved property;

(2)   the condition of a reservoir, dam, canal, conduit, drain, or similar structure when used by a person for a purpose which is not foreseeable;

(3)   the temporary condition of a public thoroughfare which results from weather;

(4)   the condition of an unpaved road, trail, or footpath, the purpose of which is to provide access to a recreation or scenic area;

(5)   the initiation of a judicial or an administrative proceeding;

(6)   the performance of a discretionary function;

(7)   the adoption and enforcement of or failure to adopt or enforce a law (including rules and regulations), unless the act of enforcement constitutes false arrest or false imprisonment;

(8)   an act or omission performed in good faith and without malice under the apparent authority of a statute which is invalid, if the employee would not have been liable had the statute been valid;

(9)   the act or omission of anyone other than the governmental entity or the governmental entity's employee;

(10)   the issuance, denial, suspension, or revocation of, or failure or refusal to issue, deny, suspend, or revoke, any permit, license, certificate, approval, order, or similar authorization, where the authority is discretionary under the law;

(11) failure to make an inspection, or making an inadequate or negligent inspection, of any property, other than the property of a governmental entity, to determine whether the property complied with or violates any law or contains a hazard to health or safety;

(12) entry upon any property where the entry is expressly or impliedly authorized by law;

(13) misrepresentation if unintentional;

(14) theft by another person of money in the employee's official custody, unless the loss was sustained because of the employee's own negligent or wrongful act or omission;

(15) INJURY TO THE PERSON OR PROPERTY OF A PERSON UNDER SUPERVISION OF A GOVERNMENTAL ENTITY and who is:

(A)   on probation; or

(B)   assigned to an alcohol and drug services program under IC 12-23, a minimum security release program under IC 11-10-8, or a community corrections program under IC 11-12;

(16) design of a highway (as defined in IC 9-13-2-73), if the claimed loss occurs at least twenty (20) years after the public highway was designed or substantially redesigned; except that this subdivision shall not be construed to relieve the responsible governmental entity from the continuing duty to provide and maintain public highways in a reasonably safe condition; or

(17) development, adoption, or implementation, operation, maintenance, or use of an enhanced emergency communication system."
256	Q: In the Massiah v. United States affair. Why was Massiah under the 6th amendment. it clearly states that he had a lawyer.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	2	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: One would necessarily have to read the case in order to answer this question. It is not a basic legal question but call for the attorney to spend time in answering it. Can you summarize the case? Can you read it yourself?
257	Q: In the Massiah v. United States affair. Why was Massiah under the 6th amendment. it clearly states that he had a lawyer.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	2	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Massiah_v._United_States
258	Q: If gay marriage is legal. Why is weed still illegal in Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Because neither the legislature of that state, nor the Supreme Court of the US has said that it is legal."
259	Q: I was ordered to pay credit card with my ex held harmless. Ex just filed Chapter 7 and I'm filing next week	Will bankruptcy discharge the credit card debts?	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Timothy Coe	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: I assume you are filing a chapter 7, so yes. Your bankruptcy attorney should be able to answer questions you have about what will happen to your specific debts."
260	Q: How long after a workmans comp insurance company denies claim do I have to file an appeal	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Workers' Compensation"	1	Timothy J. Deffet	Workers' Compensation Lawyer	A: It is not clear what you are asking. Just because your company denies your claim does not mean that the judge has. You should consult an Indiana attorney immediately. Do not give an oral or written statement to the company or their representative until you contact an attorney. If you cannot find an Indiana attorney I could find you one. I am only licensed in Illinois. I hope you recover from your injuries quickly and are able to go back to work as soon as is possible.
261	Q: Online Libel	"An unknown person or persons has published libelous information about me on some website that's supposed to be used for consumer reviews and complaints. They said I'm a hacker, identity thief, stalker, etc. One of them used a name I've never heard of and claimed she had a relationship with me where I physically and sexually abused her, and that she had to get a restraining order against me. I've never been served with a restraining order from anyone in my life! The website appears to be located in another country (they hide their actual information behind a whois guard service based in Panama). Is there anything I can do?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Yes, you can file a case for defamation and name John or Jane Does as defendants, as well as the company, until you find out who they are by serving the company with subpoenas to produce the IP addresses of the posters. It will take a little work, but if these statements are damaging your reputation to the point that something needs to be done, then go for it."
262	Q: Is it necessary to go to the Patent Office to get a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: No. Most business with the Office is conducted by email and written correspondence. Interviews regarding pending applications can be arranged with examiners if necessary and are often helpful.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
263	"Q: Been married 45 years, is wife entitled to any of my social security?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: More facts are necessary. Go have a complete discussion with a local family lawyer about this,"
264	"Q: My exhusband keeps telling me he's filed, but I can't find the filling in the public record. Why? He's still spending!"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: Call the court using this information to verify his filing: http://www.insb.uscourts.gov/mobi/divinfo.html.
265	Q: Can a 16 year old get in triuble if a 36 year old man kisses her on the job?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Probably not.
266	Q: Are invention promotion companies reliable and trustworthy?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: This can't be answered in the abstract - some companies are legitimate and some do a very poor job. No. The Patent Office publishes complaints regarding invention promoters and replies from the invention promoters. Questions or complaints can be sent to Mail Stop 24; Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office; P.O. Box 1450; Alexandria, VA 22313-1450 or call at (703) 306-5568.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
267	Q: How do you begin a search for relevent case law on a particular issue	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You can use search terms in Google Scholar as a start.  You can also obtain access for one day to Westlaw or Lexis and possibly some other legal research websites.  Depending on whether this will be ongoing, you may want to consider a subscription or hiring an attorney for the sole purpose of finding cases for you."
268	Q: Can i go through my divorce on my own or do i have to hire an attorney to get it done	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: yes.  you do not have to have a lawyer.  however if you have children or property you really are better off to spend the money and get a reputable lawyer.  word of mouth is the best source of finding one.  also the local county bar association would have a referral service.  good luck
269	Q: We have a cout order stating father must carry health insurance.  he has not paid for policy and it is termed.what to do	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: If the father was ordered by the court to carry health insurance and he is not doing so he is violating a court order and may be found in contempt of court.  Your options to enforce this order are limited.  First ask him to get the insurance back in place, as the Judge ordered him to do.  Second, you can take him back to court to make the Judge ""aware"" that the father is not complying with the initial court order."
270	Q: What is the procedure to sell a house when a part owner does not want to sell in Indiana?	Mother sold house to her sons.  One of the sons does not want to sell?  Can we force him to sign the papers to sell house?	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: You should consult an attorney about filing a court petition to ""partition"" the property under Indiana Code 32-17-4."
271	"Q: After arraignment how long can the state hold you in jail, waiting on preliminary hearings?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Paul Stanko	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: If an ""arraignment"" has been held (I assume you mean ""Initial Hearing""), then I assume charges have been filed.  Criminal Rule 4 sets certain speedy trial requirements.  The general requirement is trial within 1 year; within 180 days if the person is in custody; and within 70 days of a speedy trial demand if the person is in custody.  If you are in custody, you should have a lawyer with whom you should discuss your specific situation."
272	"Q: I deal in mechanical fixtures, and I found a Chinese supplier that is much cheaper, and make products that look almost"	Identical to the US ones I now sell.  Can I get in trouble if I switch to the Chinese supplier?	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You should take care that the fixtures do not look so similar to the originals, that consumers are confused.  This could lead to a claim for trade dress, or possibly design patent, infringement. These issues are discussed here; http://www.iniplaw.org/2010/11/connecticut-electric-sues-paci.html

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317-891-1500"
273	Q: Buyer pays cash for property. Property appraises under purchase price. Is buyer still bound to purchase?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	"A: Yes, unless there is a contingency in the contract relating to the appraisal."
274	Q: Is it legal to open a daycare service in resedental area without permission from niebors	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You would need to check your local ordinances in order to determine whether there are any zoining issues
275	Q: Do u need a license to drive a 49cc moped	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Traffic Tickets"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: no
276	Q: On a construction project at what point does the owner or GC become responsible for materials installed in the building?	"We as a company installed furnaces into an apartment building.  After they were installed, a thief came in and cut out and removed the furnaces from the building.  The Genderal Contractor and Owner are claiming that until the certificate of Occupancy is granted that we are responsible to replace the stolen furnaces.  My understanding is that once a furnace is installed it becomes a part of the structure and is the responsibility of the GC or owner to provide builders risk insurance against theft since we do not provide security for the building."	"Related Topics:
            
            Construction Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: you shouldn't be held liable.  once you install it, your responsibility continues as to any warranty re the furnace. you are not responsible for it being stolen. the general contractor is the one who has that responsibility as he has control over the site until the occupancy permit is issued."
277	Q: Do you have to register a copyright to take advantage of copyright law?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Vincent Thomas Lyon	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: As Mr. Overhauser said, you don't have to register to ""take advantage of copyright law.""

But if someone infringes your work, you DO have to have it registered before you can sue them for infringement.

Registration is a necessary pre-requisite to filing a law suit but as far as selling, distributing, etc. the rights are yours to take advantage of in whatever clever way you can think of."
278	Q: How long must an offender be on parole in the state of Indiana after his release from prison?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Usually, it's 2 years.  However:

If an inmate was given probation after his/her sentence following the in-custody portion of the sentence, the inmate won't be put on parole but will be assigned to probation.

If an inmate was allowed to go into a CTP [Community Transition Program] for the last few months of his/her sentence, a court MAY discharge that person without placing him/her on parole.

If it's the first time the inmate is being released, and s/he wasn't convicted of a sex offense or a ""crime of violence"" [there's a list of these in the criminal code], AND s/he didn't violate any DOC rules during the last 6 months of his/her sentence, the parole may be reduced to just one year.

Sex offenders who are NOT “sexually violent predators” SHALL be put on parole for a period of ten years.

Those inmates that are ""sexually violent predators” or who were convicted of murder or voluntary manslaughter SHALL be put on parole for life."
279	Q: Do I need a bankruptcy lawyer ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: The answer is very specific to each person. If your debts for items other than your house and car are more than your annual income, bankruptcy is worth considering."
280	Q: How long do you have to wait to get license after dui if tjhe judge granted ninety day suspension	Paper was faxed to indianapolis on the 29th the original date of dui was november 5th	"Related Topics:
            
            DUI / DWI"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: It should be on your driving record, which you can access at:

https://myweb.in.gov/BMV/mybmv/Default.aspx?ReturnUrl=%2fBMV%2fmybmv%2fM...

Or here:

http://www.in.gov/bmv/2331.htm

Is your DUI case over?  Did you have counsel or did you just plead without a lawyer?  If the former, ask your attorney.  If the latter . . . like I said, you need to check your driving record.  you will have to pay a reinstatement fee and provide proof of financial responsibility."
281	Q: Can I get a star named after me and claim copyright to it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: No. There is a lot of misunderstanding about this. Names are not protected by copyright. Publishers of publications such as a star registry may register a claim to copyright in the text of the volume [or book] containing the names the registry has assigned to stars, and perhaps the compilation of data; but such a registration would not extend protection to any of the individual star names appearing therein. Copyright registration of such a volume of star names does not confer any official or governmental status on any of the star names included in the volume. For further information on copyright protection and names, see Circular 34, Copyright Protection Not Available for Names, Titles, or Short Phrases, from the Copyright Office.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
282	Q: My attorney charge me full rate instead of 45 percent when we settled our case  can he do that	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Legal Malpractice"	1	John M DeProspo	Legal Malpractice Lawyer	"A: I'm not sure what you mean by ""full rate."" It all depends on the language in the retainer agreement. Ask him for an explanation. This would not be considered a legal malpractice issue."
283	Q: How do i copyright my music?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: I presume you mean how you register a copyright to your music. You fill out a form and file it with the Copyright Office. The form to use depends on whether your ""music"" comprises lyrics, a recording, or both. see www.copyright.gov for details. However, if others contributed to the music (e.g., fellow band members) you may need to get written assignments from them of their copyrights.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
284	Q: How can I prevent my ex-wife (permanent resident) to leave US with my baby son who is US citizen?	We both signed an divorce agreement stating that if anyone of us will travel to Costa Rica for vacations the other parent has to be communicated in advance so he/she can travel as well and still enjoying his/her parenting time with baby in Costa Rica. She made the plans last minute and I can not go with them because I can not get vacation time from my work in such a short notice. She is planning to leave US with the baby with out me next week. How can I prevent her to leave the country breaking the agreement? I can not assure she is coming back any way!	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	2	Burton A. Padove	Divorce Lawyer	"A: Practically speaking, you will not be able to prevent her from leaving on such short notice.  This is not the type of concern that the court will consider an emergency and most court dockets are too busy to obtain a regualr hearing date. You are entitled to makeup time and may be able to have her held in contempt of court.  Contact your attorney."
285	"Q: Why or how would an Attorney that practices auto acidents, personal injury and real estate law take on a criminal case?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Why dont you ask that particular lawyer. It could be that he or she has experience defendingthat particular type of crime.  It may not be that complex.  There could be a number of different reasons.
286	"Q: If I curse at a cop, does he have the right to put both his hands around my neck and choke me??"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Rights"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: no but as a practical matter there isn't anything significant that you can or should try to do about it. cursing at cops or anyone who has authority over you is neither smart or productive.
287	Q: can the AR cross examine instead of the assessee?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Appeals / Appellate Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Appeals & Appellate Lawyer	A: What is the AR? who is the assessee? What kind of case is this? Not enough facts are given here.
288	"Q: Four college students drove on the highway going the same speed. Traffic got backed up, and there was an accident"	Do the kids get charged?	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	2	Burton A. Padove	Personal Injury Lawyer	A: More facts will be needed before this question can be an swerved.
289	Q: How do i find court case files of the whole trial and police report	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: If you are the defendant, and you're in Lake or Porter and some of the surrounding counties in NW Indiana, a copy of the police report was given to your attorney of record in discovery.  Not certain that it happens in Newton County Superior, but I'm certain it happens in Lake, Porter, Jasper, and last I knew, Newton Circuit.

As far as DOCUMENTS filed for the case, they will be in the Clerk's office that services your Court.  For example if you were in the Porter Superior courts in Portage, you'd have to go to that clerk's office.  If in Valparaiso, then you'd have to go to the Courthouse there.   In Lake County, you have three clerk's offices to choose from, one for major felonies in the Courts Building in Crown Point, one for the county traffic/misdemeanor courts in the Administration Building next to the Courts Building in Crown Point, and if you were in Judge Villalpondo court on Russell Street in Hammond . . . that's where you'll have to co.

As far as TESTIMONY and any oral arguments made on the record, if there was no transcript prepared, you'll have to find out who the court reporter was [the Clerk can probably look at the computerized docket] and you'll have to work out with him/her how much to pay.  Figure about 30 to 50 pages of transcript for each hour of court time, and court reporters will charge $4.00 per page.  But check with your lawyer to see if there was a transcript, or even part of one, prepared.

I'm getting to this late, but you had 30 days after the sentencing date to appeal under Appellate Rule 9 or file a Motion to Correct Error under Trial Rule 59."
290	Q: In the state of indiana can you be charged with a probation violation before being found guilty of the new charges?	If you are on probation and are arrested for another charge can you be violated with out going to court and being found guilty on the new charges	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Paul Stanko	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Yes.  You are entitled to an evidentiary hearing as to whether you violated probation.
291	Q: Can a judge from Indiana vacate an order to extradite to Wisconsin not for incarceration but for Extended Supervision?	no case	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: He is already serving time now in Indiana, right? I do not understand why he would be extradited back to Indiana when he is already there."
292	Q: Do I have to have a working prototype to file for a patent on my idea?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Bruce E Burdick	"Alton, IL"	"A: No.  You have to be able to describe the claimed invention in such a clear and specific manner as to enable a person having ordinary skill in the relevant art to make the invention.  This is so that the public has possession of the invention when the patent expires.  You also have to describe the best mode of your invention known to you at the time you file your patent application.  For a regular utility patent application you also have to conclude the application with enumerated claims that define the invention in such terms as to reasonably inform those of ordinary skill what is covered so that they know whether or not they infringe.   In view of these rather strict description requirements, the prior requirements of submitting a prototype have long ago been abolished.  The prototypes you sometimes see displayed in museums are relics of a bygone era.  In view of these strict descriptive requirements you really need to get professional assistance from a patent attorney (or patent agent) in preparation of your patent application.  It is just too important to try to do yourself unless you financially have no other choice.  Bruce Burdick, Registered Patent Attorney since 1974  beb@burdlaw.com www.burdlaw.com 618-462-3450"
293	"Q: My son received a letter from his probation officer, saying that he maybe in violation of probation.  What can they do?"	He was put on probation at 12 for controlled substance for pills that someone else brought to school but was found in his possession.  Then this last week he was suspended from school for being in possession of Paraphernalia; he is now 17 almost 18.	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Perhaps they can bring a violation of probation against him.
294	Q: In Indiana how long can a county jail hold you on a warrant for another county on a failor to appear	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Basically, until the other county comes to get you, which may take as long as a few weeks."
295	Q: why is the 22nd amendment important ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Because it sets a term limit for election and overall time of service to the office of President of the United States.
296	"Q: I recently had an owi 2months ago, I've had 3 others that were dated back a while ago they were all c misdemeanors am"	"Were spread out far apart within the time frame the last one I was an hso no htv  am I looking at any jail time, I have a lawyer saying I could get my licsence back in 6 months I don't care if they put me on house arrest for a long time"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: What is your question?
297	Q: would a judge order somebody to place a child on their health insurance	"my fiance's mom called and said her ex has been court ordered to place our daughter on his health insurance. this is a child that the two of them had together. he has never seen the child, never really paid child support, or anything. I have raised her as my own. now he claims he's court ordered to put her on his insurance, and that he needs her personal information. I think it's a bunch of BS but im not 100% sure please help"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: Happens all the time.  Which is not to say he's telling the truth.  If a court has so ordered, your fiancée should be aware of it.  She should ask to see the court order."
298	Q: What is Order enlarging time to object to discharge	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: When a bankruptcy is filed, the bankrupt person / company has to list its creditors.  The bankruptcy court is asked to discharge, or eliminate, the debts of the bankprupt person.  When the bankruptcy court gets ready to do that, it sends a Notice to the creditors, and they have a deadline to object.  If they do not object in time, then their debts could be wiped out or ""discharged"" by the bankruptcy court.  An Order enlarging time to oject to discharge is a court order that gives the creditors additional time to file objections.

Paul Overhauser

poverhauser@overhauser.com

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
299	Q: I have been served with separation papers. Do I have to leave the residence?	The wife has told me that I do not have to leave. A little confusing?	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: What do the papers say?  Do they include an order from a judge that you leave?  If not, no."
300	Q: Settlement Agreements	I have an uncontested divorce and spouse does not have nor can get regular job due to not passing drug test. Can I assume debt responsibility for all debt then file bankruptcy afterwords? I am filing a protective order and want the most amiable solution without possible violence or further ado. I can handle going through debt and bancruptcy. He cant.	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: The divorce courts allocation of debt is between you and your husband and does not involve the creditors.  therefore, even if the divorce decree provides for you to pay the debt, your husband is still liable to the creditor.  If you file bankruptcy, the crediors will have the right to seek payments from your husband."
301	Q: Can lawful permanent residents vote in local and state elections?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Have you gotten an answer to this question yet? You might try a simple internet search and start reading about this.
302	Q: Does it make sense that the Child support office can close a case on a non paying father before child is 18?	"My son is 8, & his father was ordered to pay child support 8 years ago.  3 years ago I went to court because he was deliquent, He did not show.  The court cited that he owed $10,000,  and failure to pay he was supposed to serve 90 days.  I have received nothing since, however, when I recently inquired with the child support office they stated that I was non compliant with the case and they sanctioned me, they informed me that the case had been closed a year ago.  I have received no contact from the child support office to inform me that they were closing my case nor had I received any contact from them in order to be non compliant. I am unable to receive any sort of welfare benefits  because of this and it has definately become a headache trying to navigate through the system. Does it make since that 8 yrs after a child support case has been opened and paternity established that  the CS office would close a child's case?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Support"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: I suggest that you ask to speak to the head of the IVD program to determine in what way you were non-compliant and how it is that they show that you were.  If you were, correct the situation and seek to have the case reopened."
303	Q: Do I have to register my trademark for it to be valid?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: No. You can establish rights in a mark based on use of the mark in commerce, without a registration. However, owning a federal trademark registration on the Principal Register provides several important benefits, including:

Public notice of your claim of ownership of the mark;

A legal presumption of your ownership of the mark and your exclusive right to use the mark nationwide on or in connection with the goods/services listed in the registration;

The ability to bring an action concerning the mark in federal court;

The use of the U.S. registration as a basis to obtain registration in foreign countries;

The ability to record the U.S. registration with the U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) Service to prevent importation of infringing foreign goods;

The right to use the federal registration symbol ® and

Listing in the United States Patent and Trademark Office’s online databases.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
304	Q: A state or federala appellate courts published opinion is known as ............?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	2	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: A decision.
305	Q: I've been married alomst 4 yrs in indiana. I inhereted my home. Is she entitled to anything.............jeff	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Probably.  There are way too many factors to consider in this question without more facts to give an accurate answer. The best thing to do is either give all the facts, which I wouldn't recommend in an open forum like this, or talk to a local lawyer who can know all of the facts. 

Best of luck."
306	Q: Does the Constitution's Fourth Amendment apply to the states under the Incorporation Doctrine?	"If it does apply, does the entire amendment apply or just part of it?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: yes
307	Q: How long does a patent last?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: The term of a patent depends on the country that issued the patent, on the type of patent, and on whether ""maintenance fees"" have been paid.  In the US, a ""utility"" patent lasts 20 years from the date of the first patent application giving rise to the patent.  However, the patent can expire earlier if certain maintenance fees are not paid 4, 8 and 12 years after the patent is issued.  A ""design"" patent lasts for 14 years, and does not require the payment of any maintenance fees.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
308	Q: If I have been seperated from my husband for five years are we legally divorced by Indiana law	He got somebody else pregnant	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: No.
309	Q: COMCAST has contacted me at my home in Texas saying I have been sued in US District Court- Southern District of Indiana	"As a John Doe. COMCAST has been subpoenaed for my name and address. I have never had an account with Comcast, nor have I ever lived in Indiana. How should I proceed?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: this doesn't sound right. if you have been served with a summons or received one in the mail then you have to get a lawyer. however if you haven't i personally wouldn't worry about it.  you can call the district court clerk in indianapolis and ask.  if there is a case naming you they will probably tell you.
310	"Q: In Indiana if we have filed for a divorce, can I change my life insurance beneficiary before the divorce is final?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Unless the insurance is a subject of the divorce, I don't see a problem with changing the beneficiary whenever you see fit."
311	Q: How does a benificiary benifit from a revocable trust after death of grantor	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Michael Ray Smith	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: You're probably talking about a so-called ""living trust"" which is revocable by the grantor until the grantor's death and then converts to an irrevocable trust. The answer to your question depends on the language of the trust instrument, probably called a declaration of trust or a trust agreement.  Sometimes the trust instrument calls for the assets of the trust to be distributed immediately to the beneficiaries.  Sometimes it calls for the assets to be held in trust for the benefit of the beneficiaries, maybe with some provisions for the trustee to make periodic payments, perhaps limited to those used for the health, maintenance, education, and support of the beneficiaries, with the remainder of the trust to be distributed to the trustees at some point in the future.  Those are just a couple of common general trust stuctures.  There is no limit to the number of ways that the trust instrument can be written."
312	Q: I m 28ye merrid woman a child & wants donig job.is it my right? my laws r scrooge & not allow m & tel m other rights too	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: I'm having some trouble understanding your question. But what I think you are asking is if you have the right to have a job. If you are in the country legally, or are a citizen of the U.S. then you are able to try to find work if that is what you want. If your in-laws would prefer that you not work then that is a private matter for family harmony, but I can think of no reason why you would not be allowed to work."
313	Q: My website domain name is similar those of several competitive websites. Can I be sued for trademark infringement?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You might be sued if the names are so similar that consumers might be confused by the similarity. A domain name can constitute a trademark or service mark, and domain names can be registered with the Trademark Office. However, depending on where you are located, you may not be subject to the jurisdiction of a court in another state. This issue is discussed in the following blog posting: http://www.iniplaw.org/2007/02/indiana-court-exterminates-rod.html

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
314	Q: Am I a liable 3rd party if paid web designer use copyrighted pictures and did not tell me.	I thought I purchased a package that was turnkey. Designer is corporation in FL. Corp is now out of business.	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: You could be liable, as there is no ""intent"" requirement to be liable for copyright infringement. However, your exposure could be reduced if you are determined to have been an ""innocent infringer.""

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
315	Q: I recieved a letter saying I owed money from a debt in 1992...I filed bankruptcy in 93 or 94...can they collect on this?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Chances are no.  If discharged they cannot collect.  If not discharged, there is a strong possibility that the matter is no longer collectible per the Statute of Limitation.  However, that does not prohibit the collector from calling you, until you tell them not to."
316	Q: I have been threatened to be sued based upon a Facebook post about a local companies failure to provide promised servic	I had rented tables and chairs from a company and the day of the party he had his neighbor bring the chairs and a tent. The man had no idea what he was doing and was unable to set up the tent. The owner never called to apologize and I never recieved the tent. He didn't charge us for the chairs but it was the tent I really needed anyhow. He was a coward and had his neighbor pick the chairs up and never apologized. A year and a half later my friend had issues too with his services and posted a status update on Facebook. I also chimed in on my personal encounter. He commented back and forth and we all got in a heated argument. Now he is threatening to sue. I didn't lie or falsify information. I spoke the truth but did call him names.	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	A: Truth is an absolute defense to a lawsuit for libel and/or slander.
317	Q: Is there any case law regarding a step-parent prevailing over a biological parent for custody of a child?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: You are asking attorneys to do legal research for free, basically. Step parents do not have rights to children, in my opinion. But it is going to take you actually going to see a local family lawyer for a full discussion."
318	"Q: When buying a home and placing in trust at closing, do you list the Warranty Deed as trust property?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	2	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: What are you asking? List the warranty deed? What does that mean? You probably need to list the legal description from the warranty deed as the property the description of the asset, along with the address."
319	Q: How long will it take for my jamaican wife to enter the us	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Camlinh Nguyen Rogers	Immigration Law Lawyer	A: you can check this information for free at www.uscis.gov. Good luck.  www.aba-us.com
320	Q: What affect will Bartnicki v. Vopper have on the Wikileaks situation?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Bartnicki v. Vopper, 532 U.S. 514 (2001), will likely immunize the US media outlets from US liability for disclosing or discussing the leaked Wikileaks documents.  The case is from the United States Supreme Court, and relieved a media defendant of liability for broadcasting a taped conversation of a labor official talking to other union people about a teachers' strike. The parties stipulated that the taped conversation had been illegally obtained by an intercept in violation of the Electronic Communications Privacy Act. The Court held the radio station not liable because the radio station itself did nothing illegal to obtain the tape. The case stands for the rule that media defendants are not liable even if a third party violated the law.

However the case will not insulate from criminal liability the help ""source"" that leaked the documents to Wikileaks.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
321	Q: Do I have to file anything with the court if I fire my lawyer in a divorce and go Pro Se?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Yes.  You should file your current address and telephone number and provide the same to your spouse's attorney so that you receive notice of all events taking place in your divorce.  Good luck.
322	Q: My HUD renter's seven year old son torched my house. Do I have a lawsuit?	She was told earlier in the day by the fire chief to LOCK her lighters in her vehicle away from the son.	"Related Topics:
            
            Landlord - Tenant"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Potentially.  You may have a claim against the parent for negligent supervision.  In pursuing a claim it will be important to know if the renter has assets or insurance.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317-891-1500"
323	Q: DO I NEED A TRADEMARK LAWYER?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: There is no requirement that you hire a trademark lawyer. However, some reasons you might want to hire one are: (a) to ensure that a trademark is what you really need (many people confuse a trademark with a copyright or patent); (b) to conduct a search to ensure your mark is not infringing someone else's rights; (c) to help ensure you are successful in getting a trademark registration; and (d) to help you deal with any infringers.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
324	Q: Non compete agreements: How Legal are they?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	3	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: valid non-compete agreements are enforceable.  however the agreement has to be ""reasonable"" in length of time, distance and scope."
325	"Q: If someone is aressted while on parole, does their parole keep running"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Basically, yes."
326	"Q: In Small Claims Court in Indiana, can a Trustee of an Irrevocable Trust file suit pro-se if the award sought is <$1500?"	"If real estate has been transferred to a Trust, and the Trustee files for eviction, does he have to be represented by counsel?  ""Landlord"" was never the owner--his wife was.  However, a few years ago, wife transferred property into a charitable remainder unitrust, with herself and husband as Trustees, and a charity as remainderman. Among my other defenses, I have Landlord's lack of standing to bring the suit pro se, as a non-laywer Trustee. I can't find a clear answer in the IC, as it only references corporations, partnerships, LLC's etc.  Thanks for any advice you can give. (I do not want possession--I paid him all that I owe and was out by the date he specified, but he filed for ejectment/damages 2 days before I moved out and I had no notice of it until copy arrived at my new residence.) I believe he filed the suit in bad faith, and that he will not be willing to spend money to actually hire a lawyer for the small amount he is seeking."	"Related Topics:
            
            Landlord - Tenant"	1	Timothy Coe	Landlord Tenant Lawyer	"A: The trustee has the right to sue on behalf of the beneficiaries of the trust in a matter concerning the trust property. And they have the right to do it pro se, especially as an eviction in small claims just as you have the right to defend pro se."
327	Q: How can a deaf person submit himself for cross examination	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: There would be a need for someone who knows sign language to interpret.  This is no different then if the witness only spoke a foreign language.
328	Q: What are the benefits of filing for a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: In my experience, there are five reasons businesses get patents.  First, and most prevalent, is to obtain a monopoly on the patent technology.  In other words, a patent owner can prevent others from making, using or selling the patented invention.   Second, you can make money by selling or licensing the patent to others.  Third, some businesses are in industries where the competitors frequently sue each other.  If you have patent portfolio and get sued by a competitor, you may have ammunition for a counterclaim if the plaintiff happens to be infringing one of your patents.  Fourth, being able to claim that your product is ""patented"" give you some marketing ""sizzle"" and greater credibility.  Finally, many businesses get patents as a way of recognizing the accomplishments of their employees.  Engineers and other creative types often find that recognition by their employer is important to job satisfaction, and having their employer patent their ideas makes them feel good.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
329	Q: Can I write to the Patent Office  about my application after it is filed?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: The Patent Office will answer an applicant's inquiries as to the status of the application, and inform you whether your application has been rejected, allowed, or is awaiting action. However, if you have a patent attorney or agent of record in the application file the Office will not correspond with both you and the attorney/agent concerning the merits of your application. All comments concerning your application should be forwarded through your attorney or agent.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
330	Q: What are the statute of limitations on theft	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: The answer depends on the charge.  Under Indiana law, generally the state has 5 years for B, C, and D felonies and 2 years for misdemeanors.  There are a few deviations for certain situations.  These can be found in Indiana Code 35-41-4-2."
331	"Q: I am 1 year into a ch13.I have a Harley that will be paid off soon, it is not being paid by the trustee, can I sell it?"	"I am 1 year into a ch13. all paymets made on time no poblems. I have a Harley that will be paid off in two months, at this time my trustee payment is scheduled to increase. The Harley is not being paid by the trustee, can I sell it once I receive the title?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: The Harley is an asset of the estate being administered by the Trustee.  I suggest that you discuss the matter with the trustee beforehand.
332	Q: I signed a contract as the seller in Indiana. I now do not want to sell. What do I do?	It was signed 2 days ago. Have already asked buyer if they would reconsider. As of right now it doesn't look like they will.	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: This answer may be a bit late but. . . . based only on the facts you've given, and assuming the contract is valid and created a binding obligation for you to sell, it seems you have to possibilities: (1) Go through with the sale.  (2) Try to negotiate a resolution with the buyer which will likely require that you pay the buyer some money.  In most cases, a court will not order a party to actually peform the contract but, instead, will order the breaching party to pay damages.  Contracts for the sale of real estate are an exception, and the buyer could likely get a court order requiring you to go through with the deal -- unless you negotiate some other resolution."
333	Q: I filed for divorce and court was set. If my husband signs the papers before court will it be finalized before court?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Like most legal answers, it depends.  If he signs ""the papers"" you will both need to sign the documents to waive the final hearing, and the settlement agreement.  Besides that, those papers and some others will have to be filed with the Court before everything is finalized.  I suggest you contact a local divorce attorney to discuss your options if you haven't already done so.  Good Luck. JR Emerson, Indianapolis Divorce Attorney"
334	Q: Can my ex bankrupt out of the judges ruling that he must pay me a lump sum?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Equitable Distribution is Dischargable; however, if the payment is in the ""Nature of Support"" it is not Dischargable."
335	Q: If a first person furnishes all of the ideas to make an invention and	"A second person employs the first person or furnishes the money for building and testing the invention, should the patent application be filed by the first and second persons jointly?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: No. The application must be signed by the true inventor, and filed with the Patent Office, in the inventor's name. This is the person who furnishes the ideas (e.g. the first person in the above fact pattern), not the employer or the person who furnishes the money.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
336	Q: My ex has supervised visits but he hasn't been around in almost a year. Is there a way to get his rights or visits suspended	He has supervised visits because he is violent and almost killed one of my kids on a dirt bike. Now he is sneaking to the kids' schools to see them without my permission or knowledge. What can I do?	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Alert the schools and the court that mandated supervised visits. The school should be aware that there is a court order in place mandating supervision at specified times for visitation and that he should not be at the schools for any reason without your permission (I would consider adopting a code word that you can use with the school if there is ever a reason he should be allowed to get the kids from school if there is an emergency, no code word, no kids). If there is documented evidence of his breaking a court order then you should file a ""Rule to Show Cause"" motion with the court that will order him to appear and show cause why he should not be held in contempt.

Best of luck!"
337	Q: Wanting to avoid court...	"My sons girlfriend recently moved out of her parents house, she's 19... Without having to go to court, what can she do to get her dog back from her parents who are refusing to give the dog to her? She has a few vet bills and some prize ribbons she's won. Please help??"	"Related Topics:
            
            Animal / Dog Law"	2	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: What you are asking is whether she can sue, and we do not have enough facts from you to answer that. The parents will probably say that they own the dog, right? Of course she can go pay an attorney a ton of money to sue, or she might try it herself, but will need to know what the court costs are locally. Call the clerk and ask."
338	Q: what constitutes the constructural possession in indiana?	A house was raided and drugs where found and their saying it's mine and I don't live there.	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: It is called constructive possession. The facts need to be known for me to comment other than to say that more than one person can be in contructive possession of an illegal substance. You need  a criminal defense attorney who will investigate all the facts and circumstances and represent you accordingly.
339	Q: Can I get a mortgage during divorce?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Timothy Coe	Consumer Law Lawyer	"A: There should be no reason the court would disallow you to get a new mortgage (unless the terms you get are too bad because your soon to be ex is not applying with you and the costs might impact your ability to make the regular payments you may have to make under the provisional orders, or your child support obligations now or in the future). You should ask your divorce lawyer, or if you don't have one ask the magistrate (in the presense of your spouse or serve a copy of the request to them)."
340	"Q: I saw an innovatiive machine at a trade show in Germany, and there is nothing like it in the US. Can I get a US patent?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: No, you would not be able to obtain a US patent on the same machine, because in the US, a patent can only be issued to the ""inventor,"" and you are not the inventor. However, most patents are not for entire machines, but only improvements to things others have done in the past. If you make an improvement to the machine you saw in Germany, you may be able to patent the improvement. If the machine from Germany is patented in the US, you may also be able to license the US rights to the patent.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
341	Q: My husband filed for a divorce but wants me to leave the house and wont leave himself! i dont work and have kids	"My husband filed for divorce but wont leave the house,he has all kinds of family here but i dont. im being emmotionally abused and i have many health problems and awaiting for disability and cant work. i need to know how to get help on getting him to leave our home legally??? desperate please help"	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: As a married couple you both have a right to the marital home.  Additionally, you both also share in all assets and liabilities.  Without a court order you are both equally entitled to reside in the home.  You need to speak with a family law attorney as soon as possible.  Good luck."
342	"Q: A hunter shot an killed my dog.  IC 35-46-3-12, is not applicable, because he is underage.  What are my remedies?"	I am trying to get the Indiana DNR precedents prior to addressing the juvenile court.	"Related Topics:
            
            Animal / Dog Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You do not have a remedy in juvenile court.  You may have a remedy in small claims for the fair market value of your dog.
343	Q: I am a retiree living in Indiana with a cash rental farm in Tennessee. Should I make special provisions for my heirs?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Timothy Coe	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: I'm not sure what you mean by special provisions. In your will you can name heirs to the property, or you could put the property into an irrevocable trust with yourself as the beneficiary for life with a remainder in whomever you'd like to name as an heir or heirs."
344	"Q: Can you own 2 different corporations in Indiana, example a hardware store and a cabinet store at the same time"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: Sure.  The only reason I can think of that might prohibit it is if one or both of them are franchises, and the franchise agreement prohibits you from owning a competing business -- but even that seems unlikely in your example of a hardware store and a cabinet store."
345	Q: can what you went to court for be showed to the public with out my consent? if i got a battery charge can a city post it	if i was charged with battery can a city legally put in the paper or on the radio with out my consent?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Of course, the records are public records."
346	Q: Separated 10 years are we legally divirced	Wife left me 10 years ago we both have not file divorce are we legally divorced	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Santo Artusa Jr.	"Jersey City, NJ"	A: You are not divorced unless you have an order from the court indicating such.
347	Q: What is the best online site for a simple will	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	2	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: I always ask clients who seek a simple will what they mean. Do they mean they want a simple document that can create complex legal problems or do they want an appropriate document to their needs that should create simple results?  The simplest will is provided by law under Indiana Code section 29-1-2-1. If it's terms fit your needs perfectly, you may not need a will? If you don't care who handles your affairs after your sickness or death, you may not need estate planning."
348	Q: Are patents good in other countries?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: You must file for patent protection in each individual country in which you want protection.  Usually companies select which countries to seek patents in based on where the biggest markets for the invention are located.  The costs for patent protection varies considerably from one country to the next, so you should discuss your options with a registered patent attorney.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
349	"Q: I started to sell my invention in Sep. 2009, and filed for a US patent in December. Can I still get foreign patents?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: It depends on exactly ""what"" was sold, and on what is claimed in the patent. However, assuming what was sold is the thing covered by the patent, you have probably missed the deadline to get a patent in most foreign countries. Most do not have a 12-month ""grace period"" for filing, like the US has. However, the correct answer is very fact specific, so you should contact your patent attorney to find out for sure.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
350	Q: How much is my lawsuit worth? My attorney was negligent. He didn't submit any of my paper work by the deadline.	"My lawyer didn't submit any of my paper work at all to meet the deadline. He openly admitted that he has lied to us for months now about our case when all along it had been closed/dismissed for months. He said we can do 1 of 2 things.. 1. Give him an amount we feel we should receive 2. Go seek other legal advice from a different attorney. Id rather settle up with him, but I have no idea how much I should ask for. My medical bills and lost wages from the incident is $23k, as far as pain and suffering from this whole mess, the lying and decietfullness from my attorney and emotional stress the passed 3 years I do not know how to put a dollar amount on that. What is the minimum amount I should settle for?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: How is it that strangers on the internet who know nothing but what you have written, which is nowhere near enough, are supposed to be able to tell you what you ask?"
351	Q: My wife slapped her sister and her sister broke her eye socket with a phone. Can my wife file assault charges?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: No, the cops and the prosecutor are the ones who file charges."
352	Q: Do I need an attorney to petition a court to release funds being held due to the sale of land under imininet domain?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	A: No. It may save you a lot of time though. The attorney can do in an hour or two what may take you days to figure out.
353	Q: I can not find any forms for modifacation of parenting time	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You might find a form at www.in.gov/judiciary and look in the self help area.  If you cannont find one, you might want to contact a lawyer to draft one for you on a single item retainer.  This is also known as an unbundled service.  An example can be found at my website."
354	Q: Can the prosecutor force a whitness testify? When key witness is a minor and family member of the person on trial.	And what is the protocall for the prosicutor going to the home of the key witness and threating them that if they dont testify that they will be arested.	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: A prosecutor may issue a subpoena requiring a person to give testimony.   If the person ignores the subpoena, the prosecutor may bring the matter before the court and ask that the witness be held in contempt.  Rather than just ignoring a subpoena, the best practice is to try to have an attorney file a motion to quash the subpoena if there are grounds for doing so."
355	"Q: I'm planning to sign a lease with a new landlord, and they include a separate fee for changing locks. Is this legal?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Landlord - Tenant"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: if the landlord wants you to pay for the lock change and you agree to it, then you have to do it.  there is nothing illegal about that. a lease is simply an agreement between a landlord and a tenant.  if this is an issue prehaps you ought to consider another place.  the last thing you want is to start a relationship with an issue.  good luck."
356	Q: What if i fail to pay a judgment	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	2	Michael E. Polen Jr.	"Dyer, IN"	"A: Unless a judgment is satisfied or discharged in bankruptcy, you are responsible.  The owner of the judgment may place a lien on certain property and/or have wages garnished until the judgment is satisfied."
357	Q: Is it Illegal for a 36 year old woman to have a sexual relationship with a 17 year old in the state of Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Do an internet search on ""age of consent in Indiana"" and start reading the mountainous results."
358	Q: Can a first offense C felony for burglary be expunged?	"When I was 18 I broke into 2 homes that were at the time unoccupied due to being summer vacation homes. I was charged with 2 class c burglary felonies and was put on probation for 6 years. It was my first offense. I have been on probation for about 2 years now and I have not been in any trouble. I have started college and I am worried that with a felony on my record that i will not be able to a job with my degree. Is there any way that I could get the Felony dropped or just possibly dropped to a misdemeanor? And if possible get off probation completely. And if so, how soon can I do this?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: This link might help you: https://insendems.wordpress.com/2013/08/01/expungement-what-you-need-to-know/
359	Q: jpmorgan chase & co. case	I got a letter saying i could have a payment coming from my credit card business. So what do i do now?	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: contact the company or person who sent the letter.
360	Q: Free credit report online with no credit card owner available?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Timothy Coe	Consumer Law Lawyer	"A: I'm sorry, but I don't understand your question. Perhaps you can fill in some more details?"
361	Q: do i need to file a cover sheet with a 1983 prisoner civil rights claim against the county jail	my girlfriend is in the county jail not recieving medical attention. She filing a 1983 civil rights claim in the southern district court. There are two formats. One a Civil  Rights Claim the other a PRISONER 1983 civil rights claim. Since shes not in prison only jail does she need to use the Prisoner claim? In addition i found a  cover sheet where she must check a bunch of little boxes. Does this need to be filed to. And finally I see no form of service forms.What is the protocall to serve defendants and who provides service	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Probably.
362	"Q: In divorce I am entitled to half of pension, do i really have to wait until he retires to receive money ?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If you were awarded part of the pension, you are entitled to payment purusant to the plan.  If the plan indicates it is when he retires, the answer is yes, you have to wait.  You may be able to borrow against your part of the pension.  The best advice is to have an attorney review the plan or contact the plan administrator."
363	Q: Just found out that my stepson may not belong to my husband. Child support is in order after 10 years what can we do	"My husband's ex told him that he was the father of their child for 10yrs. Now she admits that the child probably does not belong to my husband. She had him sign the paternity acknowledgement even thought they lived together, she lied and told child support office they didn't. Child support order has been in place but if he isn't the father (he have otherr party's name but not an address) what can we do so he doesn't have to pay it"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You need to lawyer up and hire an attorney.  Setting aside a paternity order is a difficult thing to do,but it can be done.

Good luck."
364	Q: My boyfriend got deported back to mexico i was juat woundering if there was any way to get him back	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Camlinh Nguyen Rogers	Immigration Law Lawyer	A: The answer is that it depends. Complete contact form at http://aba-us.com/contact/?lang=en with more details if you would have a specific answer. Good luck.
365	Q: In a bankuptcy if trustee decides to cease ur house how long do u have to leave property	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: It depends on the status of the foreclosure proceeding. The key document from the state foreclosure court is the praecipe for sale.  From that document being served on you, it is approximately 30-90 days. It can take many months before a pracipe issues.  It can be days.  If there is a decree or judgment it will be at least 30 days to the praecipe."
366	Q: Do I have to allow visitation if the other parent is homeless?	"My daughter's mother has recently been evicted from her home, she has been sleeping in her car and occasionally at friend's or relative's but always in a very bad and dangerous neighborhood. Do I have to allow visitation, especially when she doesn't keep a regular visitation schedule to begin with?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: If there is a Child Custody Order from the court, then that document would control.  It would seem unlikely that such an order would make a provision in the event of homelessness.  You may want to go back to court to address your concerns with her visitation in to modify the court order."
367	"Q: If I apply for a trademark but they refuse, do I get a refund of the application fee?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Sorry, trademark offices (Federal or State) do not offer refunds, as registration is not guaranteed.  The office will will conduct a search and will refuse to register your mark if there is another registered mark or pending mark similar to yours for related goods/services.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
368	Q: My mother passed away in September and was intitled to social security.  Is this part of her estate?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Probate"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: Only payments paid to her prior to her death. If a payment is deposited the day after her death, SSA will take it back by right."
369	Q: My back ground history has some misdomenors does my charges effort for my work history for the decions to go to school	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Education Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: the misdemeanors in your background may or may not affect whether an employer hires you. alot depends on what those misdemeanors are, how long ago, what the job is that you are appying for and importantly the present skills and work ethic you now offer. for example, a truck company that is hiring a truck driver by federal law can only properly hire a driver that is qualified by reason of his experience and training to safely operate a truck. multiple moving violations in the recent past might be a disqualifier.   hope this helps."
370	Q: The seller has not completed the agreed too repairs.	"The repairs were recommended by an inspector. We, the sellers and buyer, agreed to have the work completed by a specific date and the work was not completed. I am the buyer. Have they violated the agreement and can I get my earnest money back?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	A: A lawyer will have to read the agreement of sale and other related documents before answering this question.
371	"Q: Are laptop went bad,can i buy i cheap one with credit card before i file chapter 7"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: No credit card purchases in 90 days before bankruptcy filing.  Any transactions done are subject to being undone.
372	Q: Can I settle out of court and who do I contact?	"I just got served papers that  being sued for owing a creditor money beginning back in 2005. The company suing me I believe is a collection agency and I have never received or heard of this company nor have I received any information, letters or phone calls stating that I owe this amount or about this debt. 

I am assuming that it is from a student loan I took out while in school during 2005-2008. 

Needless to say I would like to settle out of court and come to some form of an agreement with the Plaintiff."	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	3	Rachel Lea Hunter	Collections Lawyer	"A: Contact the attorney for the creditor.  However, its not uncommon for bad debts to get bought up by a junk debt buyer, even bad student loan debt.  So it is not remarkable that you have not heard of the company suing you.

Before you settle though, I would seek out an attorney specializing in defense of consumer debt/FDCPA violations.  There may be a statute of limitations issue if this was a private student loan debt.  There may also be issues concerning proof if the debt was bought by a junk debt buyer - they may not be able to prove its your debt at all. Without filing an answer and engaging in discovery, you will not know.  So don't just pay without talking to a lawyer first."
373	Q: Can I copyright my website?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Assuming you created the website yourself, yes, you can copyright a website by using Copyright application form TX or by filing on-line.  However, most business websites are created by website development companies. Unless they assign the copyrights in the website to you, they own it not you.  Also, you should take care to ensure that you do not exaggerate what aspects of the website you claim to own, such as stock photos taken by someone else.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317-891-1500"
374	Q: My sister died by suicide and the husband knew she was suicidal. He refused to listen to counselor involved would we	have a case? We have doubts of the actions but it's going on 3 years. Our family had attempted to speak to the detectives involved but they were determined their findings were correct. The husband was told by the counselor they were both seeing to remove his father from the home. He refused due to a financial situation with the nursing home then the same day my sister died he put his father into a nursing home. We are just wanting to know if we would have a case to move forward with in the State of Indiana.	"Related Topics:
            
            Wrongful Death"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: Talk to a local injury lawyer asap because there are deadlines for making legal claims. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information.  It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
375	Q: Had Cps called purposely on my husband and I. Was both accused for sexually abusing our daughter. She was interviewed	And we were cleared of any wrong doing. We have a good idea of who did this and why. What can we do?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Go see an attorney about the possibility of a malicious prosecution action in your state.
376	Q: What is the laws on hitch-hiking in Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Traffic Tickets"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: it is illegal for a person to stand in the roadway to solicit a ride unless the person soliciting the ride is faced with an emergency on the road. it is a class c infraction that carries a fine as a penalty.
377	Q: How do I legally change back to my maiden name after the devorse if I did not ask for iit at the time of the devorse?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You need to file a new case with a petition to change your name.
378	Q: My wife is deceased. How can I assign guardianship...	Of my 4 minor children to someone I trust in the event of my incapacitation or death under Indiana law?	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Your best bet is to have a power of attorney that expresses your wishes and consent to (a) specific person(s) for guardianship in the event of your incapacity.  Similarly a prefernece can be placed in your will in the event of death.
379	Q: Can you file chapter 13 bankruptcy for a defamation judgment?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: When you file Bky everything is included.  Everything you own and owe.  You can keep things, such as a mortgaged property via a Reaffirmation Agreement, but still everything owned and owed is included. The Dischargability of such an items could be the subject of an Adversary Action.

www.dont-sweat-the-debt.com"
380	Q: Do I have a libel slander case	A woman is publicly posting on Facebook that I'm raising money for autism for my own monetary benefits and I am also a meth addict	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: You have to take what you have to a local attorney to find out whether you even have a case. A question, with just one sentence following it cannot give enough facts for a solid opinion."
381	"Q: What law protects me from invasion of personal information by contacting my employers, family, friends, etc,?"	"This is a custody case.  Supervised visitaion.  Modification for termination of supervised visitation has been approved for a hearing.  I am the mother.  I have to be supervised.  My exhusband has been calling previous employers, etc trying to get anything he can to use against me in court.  Is this illegal?  I would think it would be.  There has been a line crossed here and there should be some justification for this."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Although, no one likes inquiries into their background, your exhusband has not done anything wrong. If, and I do say if, there has been a violation of your privacy rights, based on the information that you posted, the wrongdoers would be those who provided the information.  However, since there is an ongoing case, most, if not all of this information can be obtained by subpoena and depositions."
382	"Q: My 16yr old was caught stealing from a store, the court charged him with a felony. Is there anything I can do now?"	"He had $90 worth of alcohol (and 2 friends helping him) the court papers state him as a delinquent child and then charge him as an adult with a Class D Felony. He wants to join the military and this is ruining his chances!! He was 16, I don't understand how this is still hurting him at 19....it is his only offense!"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You should contact a criminal law attorney.  Perhaps a sentence modification can be obtained.
383	"Q: MY FIANCE WAS ORDERED TO HAVE A CAVITY SEARCH IN JAIL , IS IT LEGAL."	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Paul Stanko	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Highest security concerns in prisons and jails have led the US Supreme Court to justify body cavity searches as ""reasonable""."
384	Q: Can an online payday loan company say that the will be able to prosocute you if  you do not pay them today. when they	Call or call your work several times a day	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	Timothy Coe	Collections Lawyer	"A: Prosecute you? NO, there is no such thing as debtor's prisons in Indiana or any other state that I am aware of. What they can do is sue you for the amount owed, but you should send them what is called a ""cease and desist letter"" which will restrict them from calling you or anyone else. If they sue you then you should hire a lawyer to help you defend the suit. By threatening to prosecute you they may be violating the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act (FDCPA) and if they continue to call you you should make them aware that you are aware of that particular law so they will shut up. 

Best of luck!"
385	Q: If vehicles are in my name and I add another name to title is it Left Out Of divorce	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: No, that would be seen as trying to hide assets from the court and can get you in a lot of trouble. If you got the vehicle during the marriage it is considered marital property and thus subject to division if the parties cannot agree to some kind of equitable arrangement.  

Don't think that you're going to pull a fast one on the court, it's just a bad idea all around."
386	Q: How can I find out the exact date a drug screen was given?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: Ask the lab that performed the drug screen?
387	Q: Can i still get ssi survivors benefits if re-married	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Public Benefits"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: no issue if you are over 60.
388	Q: I LEFT OUR HOME AFTER FINDING THAT MY HUSBAND HAD AN AFFAIR HE SECRETLY GOT A ABSENT SPOUSE DIVORCE BUT WE HAVE TALKED	ON THE PHONE SINCE OUR SPLIT. I REFUSE TO LET HIM KNOW MY PHYSICAL ADDRESS BECAUSE AFTER WE WERE SPLIT FOR TWO MONTHS I WAS LIVING IN MY CAMPER AT MY DAUGHTERS HE CAUGHT ME GONE THREW OUT ALL MY BELONGINGS AND PULLED THE CAMPER AWAY LEAVING ME HOMELESS THEN ABOUT THREE WEEKS LATER SOMEONE SHOWED UP TO REPOSSES MY CAR NOW I FIND WE ARE DIVORCED AND I GOT NOTHING I AM BROKE BARELY SURVIVING AND IN FEAR OF HIM FINDING ME WHAT CAN I DO?	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: What is it that you want to do?
389	Q: Why do I need a license if it it a right. Backed by the Constitution of the United States of America?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Because you have been reading hokum.
390	Q: If there's been a change of venue  for divorce will the divorce continue from date filed& should I retain another lawyer	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: The date of filing is the same.  There is no requirment that you hire new counsel.  However, if the change is to a different county and your lawyer is now farther form the courthouse and charges for travel time, you may want to consider doing so."
391	Q: Can a counter claim be filed in circuit court	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Generally, a counterclaim can be filed in the court where the initial claim has been filed.  Depending on the circumstances, you may have to ask the court for permission."
392	Q: How much does bankruptcy cost in indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Kevin W. Chern Esq.	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: The filing fee for a Chapter 7 bankruptcy case is $335 (Chapter 13 is $310). That fee goes to the court, and is in addition to attorney fees, which will vary depending on the attorney you work with and the complexity of your case. You will also be required to complete Credit Counseling in advance of filing and an education course before discharge, each of which has a small fee associated with it. 

*Kevin Chern is an Illinois licensed attorney who has practiced in federal consumer bankruptcy law and consumer protection law for the last 21 years.  He is the Managing Partner of UpRight Law.  Kevin's law partners are licensed in all 50 states and work in conjunction with Mr. Chern to provide bankruptcy and consumer legal services in all 50 states.  Mr. Chern's answers to the questions are intended for informational purposes only and are not intended to be legal advice.  Use of the answers does not establish any attorney-client relationship.  For legal advice, you should consult with an attorney licensed to practice law in your state and with appropriate expertise."
393	"Q: I WAS THE BENEFICIARY OF A 10.000 POLICY FROM STONEBRIDGE. THEY REFUSE TO PAY, WHAT TO DO/"	MY NAME WAS ON THE POLICY FOR 25 YRS. THEY WANT TO PAY HER SON.	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: Get the written documents and take them to a local insurance lawyer, who can review and advise. Be well."
394	Q: Non compete agreements: How Legal are they?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	3	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: They are legal if limited in time and location appropriate for the type and scope of the business.
395	"Q: If I stop using my trademark, does my trademark registration become invalid?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The registration does not become invalid, although unless you intend to continue using trademark, you could be deemed to have ""abandoned"" the trademark, making it unenforcable.  A Federally registered trademark is presumed to be abandonded if it is not used for three years.  Specifically, 15 U.S.C. §1127 states:

Abandonment of mark. A mark shall be deemed to be ""abandoned"" when either of the following occurs:

(1) When its use has been discontinued with intent not to resume such use. Intent not to resume may be inferred from circumstances. Nonuse for three consecutive years shall be prima facie evidence of abandonment. ""Use"" of a mark means the bona fide use of that mark made in the ordinary course of trade, and not made merely to reserve a right in a mark.

(2) When any course of conduct of the owner, including acts of omission as well as commission, causes the mark to become the generic name for the goods or services on or in connection with which it is used or otherwise to lose its significance as a mark. Purchaser motivation shall not be a test for determining abandonment under this paragraph.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317-891-1500"
396	Q: Who is to be contacted in issues of children after a divorce decree is finalized?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Usually, if the parties cannot agree and the decree does not contain a mediation or arbitration clause, the court where the decree was entered if any of the parties still live in the state."
397	"Q: How do I file an objection for a tax - forclosure matter, in a circuit court"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Tax Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: This is all handled by statutory provisions. It is unlike most litigation. You must do it within 12 months of the foreclosure sale.

The main point is that you have to pay the back taxes in all cases. 

With taxes paid, you may have to pay the purchaser the statutory interest rate.

I have litigated these issues. There may be some constitutional problems with the statutory scheme, but they have not made it to the Court of Appeals that I have seen."
398	Q: What does Respondent mean?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Appeals / Appellate Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A ""respondent"" is a party to a lawsuit that is expected to respond to a filing, usually a petition.  The person filing the petition is called the ""petitioner.""  A petitioner is similar to a plaintiff, and a respondent is similar to a defendant.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
399	Q: How can I protect a new recipe I have come up with for barbeque sauce?  It is really good.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	2	Bruce E Burdick	"Alton, IL"	"A: I would agree with the prior answer.  A trademark is what you need to use.  The product will sell by name once it gets established.  People don't really check in detail for what's in A-1, Maul's or Masterpiece,  Sweet Baby Ray's or Bob's Country Sauce.  They order it by name once they decide they like the flavor.  I have had several sauce clients and never recommended a patent since, to have any chance of getting it through the patent office, it would have to be so narrowly drawn as to be super simple to avoid and thus serve only to describe in great deal the secret sauce recipe.  That is, a patent is a bad deal for a BBQ sauce manufacturer, unless it relates to special non-obvious new equipment or manufacturing methods the use of which by others could easily be detected so that infringement could be discovered."
400	Q: What can security guards legally do to a customer?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Timothy Coe	Consumer Law Lawyer	"A: I think we need more information about what specifically happened to give you a passable answer. Often situations are fact sensitive, so generalized questions don't work so well."
401	Q: An individual placed on an emergency detention is released from the 72 hour hold without any probable cause.  How soon	after the filing of the report following can this individual be detained again?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Confusing question. Without probable cause meaning the release?
402	Q: If you are approved for state disability medicaid in indiana can it help your disability claim with ssdi?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Social Security"	1	Jake Causing Santos	"Budd Lake, NJ"	"A: I practice in NJ so I am not familiar with Indiana's regulations but the general rule for Social Security is they are not bound by disability determinations made by other government agencies.  However, I have in the past used other government disability determinations as additional evidence to supplement the medical records."
403	"Q: If a spouse dies and both names are on the house, do the surviving spouse automatically own the house"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: Yes, usually, but it depends on how the deed reads.  Usually, if the house was bought during the marriage, the deed will give the married couple a ""tenancy by the entirety.""  If they bought the house before they got married, the deed will usually give them a ""joint tenancy.""  In either of those cases, when one of the two owners dies, the other one will automatically own the house.  However, it's also possible (although not very likely) that the deed made them ""tenants in common.""  In that case, when one spouse dies, the deceased spouses heirs will receive a 50% interest in the house.  Depending on the deceased spouse's will (or, if there is no will, depending on the deceased spouse's survivors and their relationship to him or her), the surviving spouse may receive all or part of that 50% interest."
404	"Q: If my wife files divorce papers in Florida and I live in Indiana, can I use an Indiana attorney?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: Yes, but the Indiana attorney would have to be allowed to proceed ""pro hac vice"" with an attorney admitted to practice law in Florida."
405	Q: How long does a patent last?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: The term of a patent depends on the country that issued the patent, on the type of patent, and on whether ""maintenance fees"" have been paid. In the US, a ""utility"" patent lasts 20 years from the date of the first patent application giving rise to the patent. However, the patent can expire earlier if certain maintenance fees are not paid 4, 8 and 12 years after the patent is issued. A ""design"" patent lasts for 14 years, and does not require the payment of any maintenance fees.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
406	"Q: Breach of Empl Contract; past employer offered acceptable settlement, now is dragging feet to pay. What's process?"	"Filed in Marion County, where past-employer operates. Fired w/o cause while under 3 year contract, the terms of which in ANY event required payment of 90 days pay. Long story short, employer through counsel has offered reasonable settlement, but now seems to be responding slowly to my attorney for confidentiality waiver and payment.There must be a timeline for this in Indiana Statute, or best practice?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	"A: You cannot force someone to settle a lawsuit. You say a settlement was offered. If the offer was not accepted, the lawsuit will proceed in court. If the offer was accepted, then you can no longer sue on the original claim. Instead, you would sue for breach of the settlement agreement. Despite all of this, please contact your attorney for more specific answers to your questions."
407	Q: I have an arrest warrant out for misdemeanor battery. If I turn myself in and ask for recall will it be granted to me?	After the altercation I filed a protective order against the person but it was dropped because of I didn't appear in court. They press charges at the same time and I believe that's why a warrant was issued.	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: I do not understand your thinking here. If the warrant is executed by you turning yourself in, why would it be recalled? What you need is a criminal defense attorney."
408	"Q: I hire a lawyer, friend asks questions to lawyer, lawyer answer his questions is this a breach of contract?"	"I hired a lawyer, my friend was present at my meetings, i was never advised of my rights under the attorney client contract my friend asks questions to my lawyer about my case my lawyer answers them is this considered a breach of contract"	"Related Topics:
            
            Legal Malpractice"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: communications between a lawyer and a client are confidential. if you had a friend sit in with you and your lawyer then that confidentiality is waived as to that meeting. any questions answered by the lawyer to the friend at that meeting is acceptable.
409	Q: i lease a home and am trying to buy a home can i get out of my lease	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	John S LaRose	"Atlanta, GA"	A: You can always get out of your lease. The question is: what will it cost you? There is no way to tell without reading the lease.
410	"Q: In Indiana, I need to know what the laws says about an auto diminution in value claim.  How to calculate."	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Terrence Rubino	Personal Injury Lawyer	"A: assuming the question is how is the damage to my car determined in an accent case, if it was totalled, the standard is the price that a willing seller would accept from a willing buyer. insurance companies often want to use various different appraisal services to justify a lower amount. if the car was not totalled then it is simply a matter of the cost to repair."
411	Q: Do I have to incorporate or get an LLC to file for a trademark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: No you do not need to be a corporation or LLC.  You just need to be  the owner of the trademark to file an application for registration. The owner controls the use of the mark, and controls the nature and quality of the goods to which it is affixed, or the services for which it is used. The owner may be an individual, corporation, partnership, LLC, or other type of legal entity.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
412	Q: My bankruptcy is closed and i am going to recieve money from a lawsuit. can my creditors claim it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: If the matter which lead to the suit occurred after you filed, it is not part of the case.  If it occurred prior to the filing of your case it should have been disclosed in your Petition. If it was and the trustee abandoned it, then it is yours. However, you have a duty to report it to the Trustee, if the funds are received within six (6) months of your discharge.  It if was not disclosed, you may have to reopen the bankruptcy."
413	Q: Does the Anti-Terrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act of 1996 foreclose Error Coram Nobis relief?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	A: Here's a law review article that may answer your question.  Haven't had many ATEDPA of 1996 cases here in the cornfields of Indiana.
414	Q: If child support checks were mailed and I moved and they were sent back how do i track them?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Indiana has a central processing center for child support payments.  You can learn more at the Child and Family Services website.  You can actually register there and check online for the last 5 payments made.

Also, you should file a change of address in the court case where child support was ordered so that you start receving them on a regular basis again.  Good luck."
415	"Q: In the state of Indiana, is the ex-spouse of a firefighter legally entitled to any of his pension fund?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Only if there was an allocation made in the divorce decree or the firefighter has her named as a beneficiary.
416	Q: Where can I conduct a trademark search for trademarks for pending applications and federal registrations?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A good starting point for conducting a trademark search is the US Trademark Office website, at http://www.uspto.gov/ (then click on Search marks).  As you are in Indiana, you can also search  Indiana trademarks at http://www.in.gov/sos/business/2374.htm

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
417	Q: Can a police mutilate a small urn that is sealed to look for drugs? Police threw ashes urn in an envelope.	We clearly stated it was ashes but they used any tool they found to break open to find out it was ashes. My heart brakes knowing this is how they treated my moms ashes.	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: They already did. Why are you asking if they can?  The point is that you might be able to do something about it, but probably not very much."
418	Q: I've invented a toilet with an automatic exhaust fan that goes on when you sit on it. Is it patentable?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: First, it is not a good idea to disclose your invention in a public forum like this until you have determined whether your invention is patentable. That being said, there is not sufficient information to determine patentability. It would be necessary to learn more information about your invention, and to conduct a search of prior systems. I suggest you contact a registered patent attorney.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
419	Q: Me and my wife are separated and havent filed for divorce.  Can she keep my child from me?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: Giving us no facts means that we cannot answer. Attorneys deal with facts and the law, and without the facts we cannot apply the law. Go see a local family attorney for a full discussion."
420	Q: Do i pay county taxes if i live and work in the same county?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Tax Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	A: yes.
421	Q: Is intestate settlement money taxable as income?	"I received a 10,000 intestate settlement for real estate in Alabama. Is the amount I received taxable as income by the state of Indiana?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Tax Law"	2	Terrence H Thorgaard	Tax Law Lawyer	"A: No.  An inheritance is not considered income (by federal law), and I would bet that  state law is similar."
422	Q: Does the Legislators have the power to make a vote upon their religion?	"I attended a public hearing of the topic 'HJR6'(at the time, now HJR3), and one of the legistlators made a comment after they made their vote on whether to pass the proposition on to the house, and she said ""I would like to comment on why I voted for HJR6, I believe that god has us humans here to populate, and with same sex marriage that goes against those morals"", I am just confused as to how these legislators are making it clear they are voting from a religious standpoint, and in our constitution, Thomas Jefferson made very clear ""I contemplate with sovereign reverence that act of the whole American people which declared that their legislature should 'make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof,' thus building a wall of separation between Church & State."" But that is not being followed through? Please help me understand. Thank you so much!!!"	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: You have not given enough basic facts and your question is confusing. This whole area of the law is quite complex, and yours is not just a basic question, but requires a heck of a lot of research to be able to answer."
423	Q: Whats the maximum age to become a police officer in indiana?	I am studying Criminal Justice in school and I want to hopefully become a CSI agent upon completion of my bachelor's degree in 2014 and I was informed via the internet that I must first be an officer at least a year or two prior to CSI agent. Whats correct and whats the maximum age for an officer?	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: 40
424	Q: Can I copyright the name of my band?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A band name is not copyrightable, but it can be protected by trademark law. You may be ablet to obtain a State or Federal trademark registration on the name, and, a logo for the band's name, if you have one.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
425	Q: Know of any famous age discrimination cases?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The one that comes to mind to me is Michael B. Montgomery v. The Board of Trustees of Purdue University. In a 14-page opinion (dissent on p. 14), Justice Boehm writes:

We hold that units of state government with twenty or more employees are subject to the federal Age Discrimination in Employment Act and therefore are not governed by the Indiana Age Discrimination Act. We also hold that there is no private civil damage remedy under the Indiana Age Discrimination Act.

Purdue University employed Michael Montgomery from 1973 until he was terminated in 2002 at the age of 57 or 58. In May 2003, Montgomery sued Purdue’s Board of Trustees (“Purdue”) in Tippecanoe Superior Court alleging that the Indiana Age Discrimination Act (“IADA”) “creates a public policy exception to employment at will” and that Montgomery’s termination was because of his age and therefore in violation of the Act. * * *

We conclude that Purdue is subject to the ADEA and is therefore exempt from the IADA, and also that the IADA does not provide for private civil actions. For these reasons, the trial court properly dismissed Montgomery’s complaint for wrongful dismissal under the IADA for failure to state a claim. The judgment of the trial court is affirmed. 

Shepard, C.J., Dickson and Sullivan, JJ. concur.

Rucker, J., dissents with separate opinion.

I respectfully dissent. Mr. Montgomery is ensnarled in a trap that can best be characterized as a “Catch-22.”1 He was fired from his job because of his age and seeks relief under Indiana’s Age Discrimination Act. The majority says he is entitled to no such relief because his remedy is with the Federal Act. But Kimel teaches that persons like Mr. Montgomery must seek relief under state statutes. Indeed Kimel itself identified Indiana as among a majority of states in which “employees are protected by state age discrimination statutes, and may recover money damages from their state employers . . . .” Kimel v. Fla. Bd. of Regents, 528 U.S. 62, 91 (2000). So here we have an employee fired because of age but in effect has no remedy, according to today’s opinion, despite both state and federal legislation designed to protect employees fired because of age. Certainly the legislature could not have intended the result reached in this case.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
426	"Q: I filled bankruptcy on a apartment complex 6 yrs ago and my bankruptcy was discharged, does the eviction ever go away?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: The discharge released any liability you may have had; however, the record of the debts will remain on your credit report for upto seven (7) years.  The bankruptcy will remain on your credit for 10 years.  Though you may have no liability, any entries into the public record will be there forever."
427	Q: Is it possible to get a felony expunged in Indiana	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Juvenile Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: No.  Sorry I cannot give you better news.
428	Q: My mom and i own 32 acres can she let anyone move on it without my permission	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: Yes.  If land is owned jointly by two people (whether it's as joint tenants or tenants in common), each owner has the right to full use of the land.  However, if the property is leased, each owner should get half the rent, regardless of which owner made the lease.  And if there is a disagreement between the two owners, either of them can go to court to have the property ""partitoned"" or divided in two, with each owner getting half."
429	"Q: How long is a statute of limitations to sue Bankruptcy Trustee, (Indiana)Abuse of trust,"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Robert Gambrell	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: I have no idea, because in my 38 years of practice, none of the trustees in my state have been sued since I started practicing.  If you are the debtor, then I doubt that you would have standing to sue for a violation of trust as the trustee's fiduciary duty is to the priority unsecured creditors and general unsecured creditors."
430	Q: How can F1 visa van turn into religious green card?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: This is a very broad question doesn't matter what visa you have if you meet the requirements for the religious green card you can get a religious green card. Work with an immigration attorney in private. All the best.  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
431	Q: My husband is ending a 25 year marrage. He is taking the only car and leaving me homeless in 30 days can I stop this?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Can you stop a divorce, no.  Can you prevent him from leaving you homelss and without a car?  Yes.  You need to contact a family law lawyer as soon as possible."
432	"Q: Can a school district force parents to rent laptops @ 250 per year for 4 years, at which time the student keeps the lapt"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Municipal Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: it sounds like a question involving the recent controversy at munster indiana hs. there are valid points on both sides but ultimately it is up to the school board to decide. a legal challenge is academic at this point because the board has apparently retreated from the proposal. this shows that voicing one's opinions sometimes works.  good luck and congratulations.
433	"Q: Four college students drove on the highway going the same speed. Traffic got backed up, and there was an accident"	Do the kids get charged?	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	2	Burton A. Padove	Personal Injury Lawyer	A: More facts will be needed before this question can be an swerved.
434	Q: I can not afford an attorney.  Is there bankruptsy assistance available for me.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: I don't know if Legal Services of Indiana or the Indiana Legal Aid Society can help. LSO has a program for the elderly that can offer more assistance for those over 65 than the average person.
435	Q: Can I get bankruptcy filed  with free legal aid?	I have credit and home debt may I file and what is covered?	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Fees vary case to case based upon the amount of work required.  In the South Florida area chapter 7 cases generally start at $1,500 for an experienced Bky atty.  Some attorneys, like myself offer specials and discounts. The Filing fee in our area is $306.  If you cannot afford such a fee, you should speak with your respective county's bar association about a Pro Bono program.

When you file Bky everything is included.  Everything you own and owe.  You can keep things, such as a mortgaged property via a Reaffirmation Agreement, but still everything owned and owed is included.

www.dont-sweat-the-debt.com"
436	Q: Can my neighbor paint my fence on his side	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: A fence separating adjoining properties can be on either side of the property line, or exactly along the line.  Assuming his side of the fence is on your property, probably not.  But what do you care; you don't have to look at it?"
437	Q: Do you have to register a copyright to take advantage of copyright law?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: No, you don't have to register a copyright to take advantage of copyright law. For example, you can sell or license a copyrighted work even if you have not registered. However, if you have made an investment in your work, it is a good idea to register it with the Copyright Office. If you register your work early, then if it is ever infringed, you have preserved the right to recovery attorneys fees and ""statutory damages"" in any future lawsuit.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
438	Q: I need help to determine if indeed I can file bankruptcy  on my debts. home and credit. What is the process.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Debt is not the only thing to look at when considering Bky.  Income must be examined to confirm you pass the Means Test (income is compared to those in your community).  You must also examine transfers/sales (court could reverse transfers or sales for less than market value) and exemptions (you could lose personal property such as a car).  Most attorneys provide a free initial consult and discuss these matters, along with the best chapter for you.

www.dont-sweat-the-debt.com"
439	Q: What constitutes a strong armed robbery	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Generally a strong armed robbery takes place when a person uses physical force (without a weapon) to take somebody's property.  The force may be as simple as pushing.  An armed robbery involves a weapon of some sort.
440	Q: How much does a patent application cost?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: The cost of a patent application varies widely depending on the invention you seek to protect. A very simple design patent application might cost $500 - $1,000 to get on file. I've done very complex patent applications for telecommunications systems that have cost nearly $30,000. Moreover, after an application is filed, there are costs and fees incurred in pushing the application through the Patent Office. For a moderately complex invention, by the time the patent issues, a business may have $6,000 - $12,000 investing in the application, with those costs being spread out over a 2 - 4 year period.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
441	Q: if i was arrested and all the chargers were dropped is it any chance the the same person can repress the same charges	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Yes, it depends upon the facts, none of which you gave. Speak with your attorney about this. He or she probably already knows all the facts."
442	Q: H1 B Approved from two Companies now need to file COS for status Change. Can I file a COS from both companies.	"I have applied h1 b from two companies and picked from both. Now both are approved. Currently I am in US only on H4 Visa. I need to file Change of status.  

Here I have a Question regarding COS. Can I file a COS from both companies."	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: Yes but you are going to end up in a problem. If one of the petitions get approved before the other, it means you changed your status from h4 to h1. So the second petition becomes void. Pick a company you want to work for out of the two and file for COS for that company. You are not supposed to have two non-immigrant visas at the same time. All the best.  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
443	Q: I filed a petition months ago when my husband and I agreed on the contents. Now he wont sign. Must I refile?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: No need to refile a petition, you have an open case, so, if you have children you will first need to complete the transparenting class (both of you), and get the certificate demonstrating you've both completed the class you can file for a final hearing if it has been at least 60 days from the date of filing. If you do not agree to the terms of the divorce decree then you should move for a final hearing at which the judge will make those decisions for you after hearing your arguments and considering the evidence.  

Best of luck!"
444	Q: do I need a disability attorney?	I have lung cancer	"Related Topics:
            
            Social Security"	1	Jonathan Alexander Heeps	Social Security Disability/SSI Lawyer	"A: Sorry to hear about your condition. If you are referring to Social Security Disability Benefits or Supplemental Security Income benefits you do not technically need an attorney. However, hiring an attorney is highly recommended. Social Security attorneys collect contingent fees when they win your case. Those fees are regulated by the Social Security Administration they are capped at 25% or $6,000 (which ever is less) from your past due benefits. 

Hire an attorney specializing in Social Security disability. An good attorney can help ensure your case is thoroughly prepared and presented to the ALJ. Many times you get one shot to present your case in front of a judge - you'll want to make sure it's done properly the first time.  

Best of luck in your claim."
445	Q: How are bankruptcy findings enforced?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: Findings are a very broad legal term that relate to finding the truth about stories told to judges. The question is not the findings but the words about what was ordered done.  What was the text of the judgment or order?
446	Q: How can I prevent my ex-wife (permanent resident) to leave US with my baby son who is US citizen?	We both signed an divorce agreement stating that if anyone of us will travel to Costa Rica for vacations the other parent has to be communicated in advance so he/she can travel as well and still enjoying his/her parenting time with baby in Costa Rica. She made the plans last minute and I can not go with them because I can not get vacation time from my work in such a short notice. She is planning to leave US with the baby with out me next week. How can I prevent her to leave the country breaking the agreement? I can not assure she is coming back any way!	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: you should contact the lawyer that represented you in the divorce. if for whatever reason that is not practical, you should contact an indiana divorce lawyer in the county in which you and your ex live."
447	"Q: I was made to leave my home by husband for girlfriend, home in his name can i make him sell in divorce ?"	"He made threats for me to leave the home, then found he had a girlfriend. He made me leave 2 weeks before christmas so she could stay at our home. I would honestly like to know if i would be able to make him sell the home or something ?? What can i do ?  Anything? we have been married 11yrs Sept 1. We have not filed for divorce yet. Honestly yes i am not happy he moved this girl in to live in our home of 10yrs with my children, it is not right and i want to know what i can do if anything .  I would greatly appreciate your help ~  He did physically abused me and was charged"	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: 1.  It appears that you bought the home during marriage.  What funds did you use?  Was there a down payment made and subsequent mortgage payments?  If so, it is highly likely it will be considered marital property.  If he bought it ""cash"" at the time of purchase with his funds that he had kept separate prior to your marriage, a judge will decide pursuant to two key Indiana family law statutes:

**************************

IC 31-15-7-4    Division of property

(a) In an action for dissolution of marriage under IC 31-15-2-2, the court shall divide the property of the parties, whether:

(1) owned by either spouse before the marriage;

(2) acquired by either spouse in his or her own right:

(A) after the marriage; and

(B) before final separation of the parties; or

(3) acquired by their joint efforts.

(b) The court shall divide the property in a just and reasonable manner by:

(1) division of the property in kind;

(2) setting the property or parts of the property over to one (1) of the spouses and requiring either spouse to pay an amount, either in gross or in installments, that is just and proper;

(3) ordering the sale of the property under such conditions as the court prescribes and dividing the proceeds of the sale; or

(4) ordering the distribution of benefits described in IC 31-9-2-98(b)(2) or IC 31-9-2-98(b)(3) that are payable after the dissolution of marriage, by setting aside to either of the parties a percentage of those payments either by assignment or in kind at the time of receipt.

IC 31-15-7-5  Presumption for equal division of marital property; rebuttal

The court shall presume that an equal division of the marital property between the parties is just and reasonable. However, this presumption may be rebutted by a party who presents relevant evidence, including evidence concerning the following factors, that an equal division would not be just and reasonable:

(1) The contribution of each spouse to the acquisition of the property, regardless of whether the contribution was income producing.

(2) The extent to which the property was acquired by each spouse:

(A) before the marriage; or

(B) through inheritance or gift.

(3) The economic circumstances of each spouse at the time the disposition of the property is to become effective, including the desirability of awarding the family residence or the right to dwell in the family residence for such periods as the court considers just to the spouse having custody of any children.

(4) The conduct of the parties during the marriage as related to the disposition or dissipation of their property.

(5) The earnings or earning ability of the parties as related to:

(A) a final division of property; and

(B) a final determination of the property rights of the parties."
448	Q: What is preliminary contracts ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Please repost with more information concernign the circumstances.  Thank you
449	Q: What happens to credit Card Debts if an individual is useing all of thier income to pay for stay in a nursing home ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: That is up to the specific Creditor.  You can still be sued, the matter can be referred to a Collection Company, the debt can be sold to a factoring company, or the Creditor can just list it on your credit report.  Or, a combination of any of these. In ability to pay your bills is not a bar to a Creditor seeking payment."
450	Q: Can someone file slander charges if you post on facebook about an exhusband using your credit card illegally	My ex husband's girlfriend is threatening slander charges because I posted on facebook he used my credit card after our divorce was filed and I filed charges. He sent me text messages an admitted to it.	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Truth is an absolute defense to libel (which is what it would be since it was in print). In fact a related claim that Indiana doesn't recognize, called publication of private fact, would also be unavailable to her because truth is seen as such an absolute defense. If such a case does get filed speak to an attorney immediately because using Indiana's anti-SLAPP suit has a finite limitations period."
451	Q: Is it a violation of appropriation of name if i publish a book using a pen name the same as a celebrities true name?	"I would think it is, but then again no matter what your pen name is someone with the same name exists, and pen names are very commonly used. My follow up question would be a misspelling of the celebrities name; for example his name is John Doe, could the famous actor John take civil actions against me for using the pen name of Johnathan Doe? To expand on the absurdity of the law, would an actor have grounds for Rights of Publicity against my novel if I was born as John Doe? No, I wouldn't think so....What if I legally changed my name to my pen name of John Doe, would there be grounds there?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Yes, you would have potential liability if your book was published under circumstances that led consumers to believe that it came from a celebrity, rather than yourself. This would include misstating the name of a celebrity. If you changed your name to be the same as the celebrity, there could still be exposure. You would want to include a disclaimer on the cover and in marketing materials to make it clear to consumers that you are not affiliated with the celebrity. California has very strong Right of Publicity laws, so proceed with caution.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
452	Q: Can i get in trouble if i dont let the police take pictures of my bruises?	Just this last sunday my boyfriend was arrested for domestic violence against me. The cops questioned me but didnt take any pictures of my arms. I didnt say anything about my arms but one cop saw i was red. The next day i got bruises and on Wednesday my attonery told my mom i was to go down to the station for pictures of my bruises . My attorney  did see the brusies. I dont want pictures taken. They say i can get in trouble  for not letting them take  pictures. Is that true?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: You have an attorney and are trying to circumvent what the attorney has told you to do? Speak only with your attorney about this.
453	Q: If ask if one party does not want to dissolve the marriage will the judge order counceling	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Sometimes.
454	Q: My husband divorced me without my knowledge. I am raising our two oldest handicap grandchildren what am I entitled too?	We have been married this time for 3 years but have continually lived together for 10 years.	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: You need to hire a lawyer right away. If you didn't know about the divorce then there was probably a problem with service, or some other notice problem. Then whatever happened there, he was able to go about getting a divorce by whatever terms he chose. You probably should get a lawyer to get back into the case to see what happened and what you are entitled to. Do this as soon as possible! 

Best of luck!"
455	Q: What is the bankruptcy exemption code in Indiana for contingent assets toward a class action law suit?	This is contingent as the debtor is the named plaintiff in a class action lawsuit that is pending.	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	2	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: No special classification for that. It will be treated as $350 cash exemption.
456	Q: Not meaning to sound like its all about the money.  But what is the ballpark est. on a class action civil suit against a	County sherriff for unlawful detainning a prisoner for longer that the 48 hrs. without a warrant and voilating a few of the constitional rights / Civil rights of a  person living in the state of indiana and there is 231 other people in this law suit	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Rights"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: I suggest that you discuss this matter with the Class Attorney. He or she have the most knowledge about the case and is really in the best position to assist you.
457	"Q: What is a ""famous"" trademark, and why should I care?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	3	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: According to the Lanham Act,a “famous” mark under the Lanham Act is:

(2) Definitions

(A) For purposes of paragraph (1), a mark is famous if it is widely recognized by the general consuming public of the United States as a designation of source of the goods or services of the mark’s owner. In determining whether a mark possesses the requisite degree of recognition, the court may consider all relevant factors, including the following: 

(i) The duration, extent, and geographic reach of advertising and publicity of the mark, whether advertised or publicized by the owner or third parties.

(ii) The amount, volume, and geographic extent of sales of goods or services offered under the mark.

(iii) The extent of actual recognition of the mark.

(iv) Whether the mark was registered under the Act of March 3, 1881, or the Act of February 20, 1905, or on the principal register. 

(B) For purposes of paragraph (1), “dilution by blurring” is association arising from the similarity between a mark or trade name and a famous mark that impairs the distinctiveness of the famous mark. In determining whether a mark or trade name is likely to cause dilution by blurring, the court may consider all relevant factors, including the following:

(i) The degree of similarity between the mark or trade name and the famous mark.

(ii) The degree of inherent or acquired distinctiveness of the famous mark.

(iii) The extent to which the owner of the famous mark is engaging in substantially exclusive use of the mark.

(iv) The degree of recognition of the famous mark.

(v) Whether the user of the mark or trade name intended to create an association with the famous mark.

(vi) Any actual association between the mark or trade name and the famous mark. 

(C) For purposes of paragraph (1), “dilution by tarnishment” is association arising from the similarity between a mark or trade name and a famous mark that harms the reputation of the famous mark"
458	Q: Does putting up a website make me subject to being sued in any state in the country?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Internet Law"	2	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Not usually.  You can always be sued in the jurisdiction where you are located.  However, in general, you will only be liable for in other states if you cause harm in the other state.  This issues is discussed here: http://www.iniplaw.org/cgi-bin/mt-search.cgi?search=rodent&IncludeBlogs=559

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
459	Q: My husband also insulted me saying about my caste.what steps can be taken by the court	I want to file a case to about giving punish to my husband because it always insulted me saying about my caste and torture me	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: Torture is a crime that should be reported to the police. Talk to a local injury lawyer about your rights and options. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is general information that is given for legal education only. It is not legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
460	"Q: There was no will, however the deceased left two minor chidren from first marriage-are they intitled to any assets"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Yes they are.
461	Q: If the parents of the girl force her to marry after 18 yrs according to there wish it is an offence or not	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If they physically threatened her, there would be a crime.  if she married under duress, she may be able to have the marriage annulled."
462	Q: I don't have a lot of debt but I have been in the hospital and things piled up.  I have a car with approx $2000 in back	"Pmts.  $3500 Dr. bills $2000 credit cards $12,000 student loan.  My income is $250 per week.  Should i file for Chapter 7?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Debt is not the only thing to look at when considering Bky.  Income must be examined to confirm you pass the Means Test (income is compared to those in your community).  You must also examine transfers/sales (court could reverse transfers or sales for less than market value) and exemptions (you could lose personal property such as a car).  Most attorneys provide a free initial consult and discuss these matters, along with the best chapter for you.

www.dont-sweat-the-debt.com"
463	Q: If i got married to a us citizen but he don't work can he apply for me to get my green card?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Paris Lee	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: He can apply for you. The issue with the financials will come up when it is time for him to do the affidavit of support, but there may be ways around it if you have a Joint Sponsor who is willing to undertake the financial obligations."
464	Q: Can I copyright the name of my band?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A band name is not copyrightable, but it can be protected by trademark law.   You may be ablet to obtain a State or Federal trademark registration on the name, and, a logo for the band's name, if you have one.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
465	Q: Adverse Possession rights in Indiana?	"I know in florida it's 7 years and pay taxes. Anyone know about Indiana? What are the details of ""squatters rights""? or Adverse Possession. Do these laws still hold true?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: 10 years
466	Q: What defenses are available to the criminal accused?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	JR Emerson	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Depending upon the crime there can be numerous defenses available to someone accused of a criminal act.  Quite broadly there are four types of criminal defenses:  Affirmative Defenses; Procedural Defenses; Factual Defenses, and; Legal Defenses.  Of course the defense(s) used depend upon the facts surrounding each particular event, making it impossible, without more information, to provide you with a specific answer to your question.

If you haven't already done so, contact a criminal attorney to discuss you options."
467	Q: Looking for a lawyer who wants a pro bono case of significant constitutional precedent re: pro choice issues	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: The attorneys on this forum are private attorneys who do not do pro bono work.
468	Q: Do i need an accident attorney due to being involved in accident to settle with insurance company?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Timothy J. Deffet	Personal Injury Lawyer	A: No. But studies have shown you probably get about 4-5 times more $ than without an attorney. The studies were done by guess who??? The insurance companies! They try to keep you from an attorney because they KNOW they will have to pay less if they pay you at all.
469	Q: My tenants lied about moving out if state to break lease - am I stuck?	They had just signed an 18 mo. lease (2nd lease) and then lied about accepting a job offer in DC and it would create a hardship if they couldn't get out of the lease.  I just found out they never moved and just wanted out of the lease.  Am I stuck without recourse?	"Related Topics:
            
            Landlord - Tenant"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: Based only on the facts you've given, it appears that you likely have a claim against the former tenants for fraud.  I recommend you see an attorney to discuss the facts in more detail and to discuss the remedies you might have available to you.  Take a copy of the lease with you and copies of any written communciations -- including email -- that you have with the former tenants, particularly anything in which they told you about the out-of-state job."
470	Q: What is the drug level cut off for thc	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: I am not sure what you are asking.  If you are charged with driving a vehicle under the influence of TCH (marijuana) then the level does not matter.  However if you are charged with possession of marijuana, the amount becomes very important.  If it is 30 grams or less, the charge is a misdemeanor.  anything greater is a felony."
471	Q: If someone tells another person false acquisitions is that slander?	I Was told about a text that stated I vandalized a persons car when I have proof of where I was can I press charges for slander? Im a server and this could hurt my reputation.	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: defamation is the publication of something untrue about someone else that causes damage. slander is doing it verbally and libel is doing it in writing. there are some things, if untrue, for which damages are presumed such as commission of a crime. therefore you might have a civil case for money damages against the defamer but depending on his/her collectability it may not be worth pursuing."
472	Q: What is a certification mark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A certification mark is any word, phrase, symbol or design, or a combination thereof owned by one party who certifies the goods and services of others when they meet certain standards. The owner of the mark exercises control over the use of the mark; however, because the sole purpose of a certification mark is to indicate that certain standards have been met, use of the mark is by others.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
473	Q: how long after verbal settlement agreement is too long to get release forms? verbal agreement 10/14/15 indiana	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: What are the facts regarding this question?
474	Q: Should I conduct a search for similar trademarks before filing an application?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Yes, this is always a good idea. Actually, you should conduct a search before you even start using a mark, to reduce the risk that another trademark owner will send you a ""cease and desist"" letter after you have invested money in promoting your trademark.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
475	Q: What do you do in identy thef matter	someone stole my identy from me some how what do i do	"Related Topics:
            
            Identity Theft"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: I am saddened to hear about this invasion in your life.  File a police report.  Contact your insurance company in the event that you have any coverage for ID theft.  Complete the forms and read the aricle at the Federal Trade Commission Website, do a credit check and cancel all credit cards, indicate to the credit card issuer that there has been identity theft-do this in writing.  Send letters to the three major

credit reporting agencies reporting the theft and addressing each adverse credit record relating to the theft.  These are just a few things.  You should contact an attorney to determine whether there are other matters that you may need to address."
476	Q: Do I need to take a paternity test even if the petitioner decides not to show up in court and pursuit the case?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: We need more information to answer this question accurately.
477	Q: How can I be charged with an OWI for having prescribed LEGAL medication in my system while driving?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            DUI / DWI"	1	Paul Stanko	DUI & DWI Lawyer	"A: If you have a valid prescription for the controlled substance found in your body, then you have a defense against the so-called ""per se"" violation.

See IC 9-30-5-1(c) and (d):

""(c) A person who operates a vehicle with a controlled substance listed in schedule I or II of IC 35-48-2 or its metabolite in the person's body commits a Class C misdemeanor.

(d) It is a defense to subsection (c) that the accused person consumed the controlled substance under a valid prescription or order of a practitioner (as defined in IC 35-48-1) who acted in the course of the practitioner's professional practice.""

This would be an affirmative defense which should be brought to the attention of the prosecutor."
478	Q: My brother bought a used car in Ohio and put a low price for the purchase price.  He also sold a car and that buyer put	a really low price.  NOw they have all rec'd letters from the BMV.  Should he contact an attorney or what should he do?	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: I imagine the BMV is disputing  the prices (so as to collect sales tax).  What are they threatening to do?  If they are threatening criminally fraudulent behavior, I would certainly recommend an attorney be consulted."
479	Q: Can i be put in jail for a delinquent university account that has been sent to collections?	It's sent to collections	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	David B. Levin	Consumer Law Lawyer	"A: Failure to pay a debt is not a crime; it's a civil matter. If you're unable to come to an agreement, the typical remedies are a lawsuit, wage garnishment, garnishment of assets such as bank accounts.  A debt collector who threatens someone with arrest for not paying a civil debt is breaking the law and may be liable for damages under the Fair Debt Collection Practices Act. 

That said, there is a way that unpaid civil debts can lead to arrest: ignoring a court order. For example, if a person is ordered to appear in court on a particular date or is ordered to provide income information to the court or to the plaintiff in a lawsuit by a certain date and fails or refuses to do so, that person can be held in contempt of court and possibly arrested. Thus, if a lawsuit is filed, it's important to get the help you need to ensure that you do what is required of you in a timely manner. 

*David Levin is the Partner in charge of UpRight Law's consumer rights litigation department. UpRight Law is a national law firm with licensed attorneys providing bankruptcy and consumer legal services in all 50 states. He is licensed in Illinois, Ohio and West Virginia, as well as several United States District Courts. He has 22 years of litigation experience, the last 18 of which have been focused on consumer rights litigation. This response is for informational purposes only and is not intended to be legal advice. For legal advice, consult an attorney licensed in your state with the appropriate expertise."
480	Q: What do I need to do to buy a mom and pop business that is for sell.	"The owner is very ill and the business is up for sell very recently. It is a hot dog, pizza and mainly ice cream shop that is well established in my community."	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Formation"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	"A: You should hire an experienced attorney who can assist you with a contract, due diligence, and the closing."
481	Q: Can judgment in court stand if not properly notified ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: in order for a judgment to be valid there would have to be proper service of process (summons). this varies on the type of case and the circumstances. sometimes it can be by leaving the summons at the residence with someone 13 or over, certified mail and sometimes even publication.  you should contact a lawyer in your area, give him/her the facts.  usually phone calls are free.  good luck."
482	"Q: In 2008 i had guardianship papers notarized, in 2009 courts assigned co guardianship to other grandparents"	"The court papers stated that no other papers have been done on gaurdianship,which were 1 year and 1 month before hand"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Unfortunately, there is little that can be done at this time.  Proceedings could have been instituted within 30 days to correct the court's error or within a year to set aside the order based on fraud."
483	Q: A neighbor of mine has been refusing to stop feeding my small old dog food that my vet has told me not to feed him and	"she has been doing it for 4 months now, can anything legally be done to stop her?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Animal / Dog Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: Yes, but wouldn't it be easier to simply keep your dog away from your neighbor?"
484	Q: Can I file libel or slander charges against someone who has continually spread lies in emails to other people about me?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: With libel, it matters a great deal what was said and how it was received by the reader. There is also a consideration of who you are in the community, and the subject matter of the conversation. These cases are very fact heavy, so you need to speak with a lawyer who can know all of the facts. 

Best of luck!"
485	Q: Would I have to physically go to court for a divorce if there is no kids or property involved?	My husband is not an American citizen.  He currently resides in Mexico.	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: No, you do not have to go to court if you agree on any issues that may be involved such as debt. Also, as long as you get proper service on him, since he is in Mexico that would probably have to be done via certified mail, he may not appear, and thus a default judgment would be entered. Simply file your petition, with the proper related paperwork, especially the summons, and have it served on him after it's filed. Since you do not have children, all you need to do is wait 60 days and you can either file a motion for default, a final decree agreement, or a motion for a final hearing if there are disagreements between the two of you. 

Best of luck!"
486	"Q: My gf and I are not married but we lived together for 4 years with our 3 year old, we split up, what are my rights?"	"Being unmarried, she is keeping my daughter from me and not allowing me to see her just to hurt me.  WHat can I do?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You have legal rights regarding your daughter. You need to speak with a family law attorney concerning Child Custody, Child Visitation, as well as Child Support as soon as possible in order to reach an agreement with her or to seek a Court Order defining your rights and responsibilities.  The facts of each case make unique, however, you do have rights under Indiana law but you may need a court order to enforce those rights."
487	Q: How can i get a divorce settlement reviewed? certain criteria were not evaluated...	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Not clear on what you mean.  If you think it requires an appeal, you had to file Notice of Appeal [Indiana Appellate Rule 9] or a Motion to Correct Error [Indiana Trial Rule 59] within 30 days of the court's order.

If there is a MISTAKE or surprise or ""excusable neglect"" or fraud or other listed reasons, you might be able to file for relief under Indiana Trial Rule 60."
488	Q: My only escape (financially) from an abusive husband is to take my 9 yr old to my home state.  Can this be done quickly?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: i am sorry for your situation. indiana will be the state that has jurisdiction over your domestic issues.  you need to consult with a lawyer in your county of residence preferably that does domestic work. if it is lake county our legal team has 2 lawyers, nicole keith and adam sedia, that are experienced in domestic matters. you can call them for a free consultation.  if you are in another county and don't know a lawyer, call the bar association for the county and they will have a referral service.  hope this helps."
489	Q: In Indiana do you need your tax return to file bankruptcy	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Certain document are required to be provided to the Trustee.  A Tax Return, if you filed one, is among these."
490	Q: Can a judge force you to get a divorce in indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: The only person who can force you to get a divorce is your spouse. If you refuse to participate in the divorce proceedings the judge can, and probably will, grant the divorce to the spouse by default."
491	Q: What is the statute for credit card debt in Indiana	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	Timothy Coe	Collections Lawyer	"A: There isn't really one statute for credit card debt. However, if you meant the statute of limitations then it is most likely 6 years. But, if the judge considers it a written contract then the statute of limitations is ten years. It all depends on what type of contract you have for the credit card, but most likely it is 6 years."
492	Q: Must we have an attorney for a step parent adoption in Indiana?  Is it possible to do so without an attorney?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Adoption"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: In many counties, you must have an attorney to work on probate case. Larger cities do require attorneys. Look at your local rules, as posted on the Indiana Supreme Court website www.in.gov/judiciary."
493	Q: I have been separted for 2 years trying to get a divorce now I am pregnant with my boyfriends baby can I get divorced	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Under Indiana Code 31-14-7-1, a child born during a marriage and within 300 days after a dissolution, is PRESUMED to be that of the husband.  However, if both parties agree, and the LEGITIMATE father of the child agrees, I've had situations where the Court will take SWORN testimony from the husband, who testifies under oath that the child could NOT be his [usually due to the timing involve], and if the legitimate FATHER of the child swears under oath that he is the father, and that he will accept responsibility for the child EVEN IF IT LATER TURNS OUT IT'S NOT HIS CHILD."
494	Q: My plumber charged 5 times the labor hours as 5 other plumbers for the same job	And billed me numerous items that were not used. Is that legal and what recourse do I have?	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: More information is needed, including what discussion and agreements took place before the work was done.  A local contracts, business or consumer protection lawyer can assist. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is general information that is given for legal education only. It is not legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
495	Q: If your name is not on the papers for a rental car can you still drive it	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Traffic Tickets"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If the rental car company is operating in a manner that most do, the answer is no.  Only authorized drivers may operate the vehicle.  Many companies charge extra for more than one driver."
496	Q: Can I settle out of court and who do I contact?	"I just got served papers that  being sued for owing a creditor money beginning back in 2005. The company suing me I believe is a collection agency and I have never received or heard of this company nor have I received any information, letters or phone calls stating that I owe this amount or about this debt. 

I am assuming that it is from a student loan I took out while in school during 2005-2008. 

Needless to say I would like to settle out of court and come to some form of an agreement with the Plaintiff."	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	3	Rachel Lea Hunter	Collections Lawyer	"A: Contact the attorney for the creditor.  However, its not uncommon for bad debts to get bought up by a junk debt buyer, even bad student loan debt.  So it is not remarkable that you have not heard of the company suing you.

Before you settle though, I would seek out an attorney specializing in defense of consumer debt/FDCPA violations.  There may be a statute of limitations issue if this was a private student loan debt.  There may also be issues concerning proof if the debt was bought by a junk debt buyer - they may not be able to prove its your debt at all. Without filing an answer and engaging in discovery, you will not know.  So don't just pay without talking to a lawyer first."
497	Q: Is an invoice with no terms collectable	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Sure.  The terms are in the contract.
498	"Q: My husband left 26 or 27 years ago and never returned , can i get a divorce and how"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Yes you can get a divorce.  You will ahve to file in court and obtain proper service on your husband.
499	Q: How long does it take a malpractice lawsuit take?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Medical Malpractice"	1	Burton A. Padove	Medical Malpractice Lawyer	"A: Generally speaking, you are talking years.  Indiana has a two part system.  The first requires that a case be presented to a Medical Review Panel.  That process can take over a year.  after that process is completed, then you can file a suit in court.  Generally, that can take two years or longer."
500	Q: Can I be revoked?	"was sentenced to house arrest,and i broke my kneecap and can no longer work to pay for it. This happened after i was sentenced but before i was put on the bracelet. Ive already been Roor'd for my knee on a separate charge. I was just wondering if it is possible for my house arrest officer to revoke me for that? Thank you"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Your question is quite confusing and you appear to be saying that there is a separate charge since sentencing. If that is so, yes your probation can be revoked."
501	Q: Can I recuse a USDC judge for failure to join interested parties when the judge permitted plaintiff to file msj	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: no
502	Q: I have been advised to seek legal advise.  I am looking  for  someone that does pro bono work.  Help?	"Personal injury, kids present, their presence was not documented in police report.  My attacker was not arrested.  This was not a domestic violence issue."	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: Talk to a local injury lawyer.  They work on a contingency fee basis.   

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is general information that is given for legal education only. It is not legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
503	Q: What is a copyright?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: A copyright protects works of authorship, such as writings, music, and works of art that have been tangibly expressed. For more information, contact, see www.copyright.gov (U.S. Copyright Office)

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
504	Q: My husband owned the house before we were married if he died will I still be able to own the home?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: I assume nothing has been done so far and the house is still entirely in the husband's name.  In that case, if the husband dies, the house will pass to his heirs either under his will, if he has one.  If dies without a will, the house will pass to his heirs according to the rules of intestate succession.  Whether the wife gets the entire ownership of the house depends on whether there are other survivors and what their relationships are to the husband; however, I can't think of a situation in which the wife would not receive at least partial ownership of the house."
505	Q: Does anyone have information about settlement status w/Third World Media LLC plaintiff for copyright violation issues?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Third World has filed 5 cases. The first two are concluded, and the last three are still pending: 1 Third World Media, LLC (cd) cacdce 2:2009-cv-01603 820 03/06/2009 10/28/2009 2 Third World Media, LLC (pla) cacdce 2:2009-cv-01603 820 03/06/2009 10/28/2009 3 Third World Media, LLC (pla) cacdce 2:2010-cv-06963 820 09/17/2010 4 Third World Media, LLC (pla) candce 4:2010-cv-04470 820 10/04/2010 5 Third World Media, LLC (pla) wvndce 3:2010-cv-00090 820 09/24/2010

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
506	Q: I own a restaurant.  Is it OK for me to bring in my TV to show football games during in the restaurant?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: This would be risky, and could violate the copyrights of the broadcaster / producer of the football game.  Copyright infringement can occur from publicly displaying a copyrighted broadcast without a license.  Some broadcasters have contractors they hire to visit bars and restaruants to find unlicensed shows being shown in the establishment.  Violaters can expect to get a threatening cease and desist letter.

This issues is discussed here: http://www.iniplaw.org/2010/10/the-ultimate-fighting-champion.html

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
507	Q: Wanting to avoid court...	"My sons girlfriend recently moved out of her parents house, she's 19... Without having to go to court, what can she do to get her dog back from her parents who are refusing to give the dog to her? She has a few vet bills and some prize ribbons she's won. Please help??"	"Related Topics:
            
            Animal / Dog Law"	2	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: And a small claims court might (depending on state laws) not have jurisdiction to award anything but a money judgment.  It may not be able to award what would be, in essence, a writ of replevin: an order for delivery of a specific chattel (the dog).  So you might have to go to ""regular"" court."
508	"Q: If use a credit card while in chapter 13, do that terminates your bankruptcy?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Your prefiling credit cards are no longer good.  If it is a Debit with a Visa/MC then that is not a credit card.  If you have been granted an actual credit since the file, though ill advised to continue down your prior debt ridden path, you can use it."
509	"Q: My husband filed for divorce, what should I do?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	2	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	A: Consult an attorney. The initial conversation is often free in order to determine if the lawyer can help or there is a conflict of interest. You will need to file papers in court. See more info here http://www.in.gov/judiciary/selfservice/.
510	Q: I have POA for my bother his Xwife is in contempt of the divorce she won't turn over tax papers to file 09 What do i do	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Please repost as your question is unclear.  Are you saying that she is violating a court order or are you saying that a court has ruled that she is in contempt?
511	Q: How can I find an actual pro bono lawyer in my town?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Adoption"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: call the county bar association and it should be able to direct you. if you live in lake county there is a legal aid clinic in gary. if you live in hammond, there is a hammond legal aid on hohman ave.  good luck."
512	Q: What is a copyright?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: A copyright protects works of authorship, such as writings, music, and works of art that have been tangibly expressed. For more information, contact, see www.copyright.gov (U.S. Copyright Office)

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
513	Q: How can someone who owes immigration fees in Belize get a social security card?	"He has been living in Belize since 2005, married to a Belizean, and has 2 kids. He arrived from another Caribbean country in 2005 but currently owes immigration back fees, which he cannot afford to pay as he cannot get a job due to his status. How can he go about getting his immigration status in order without risking being found and thrown into jail? Is there a way for him to get a waiver so that this family can have a better life?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: If he owes immigration fees in the US there may be a way to apply for a waiver. Talk to an immigration attorney in private to help you with this. All the best.  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
514	Q: Will the Patent Office recommend a patent attorney to help protect my invention?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: No, the Patent Office will not make this choice for you. However, a general attorney may help you in making a selection from among those listed as registered practitioners on the Office roster. Also, some bar associations operate lawyer referral services that maintain lists of patent lawyers available to accept new clients.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
515	Q: Is it possible to file a trademark request without an attorney?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Yes, you can, by going to uspto.gov. However, unless you are familiar with the regulations of the Trademark Office, your application may be rejected.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
516	Q: Is it illegal for a 15 yr old girl to have a 22 yr old boyfriend if there is no sex?	"My daughter and boyfriend started talking before I knew. They came forward and said they had feelings. I set forth strict rules due to her already having feelings. No being alone at all no going any where without a parent. No sexual contact. She is 15, I thought he was about 20 at time. I learned months later he was 22 and he had been sneaking over while I was at work. She is online schooled and home alone while I work. She became pregnant before I knew they were intimate. I had no idea he was sneaking over or they had a sexual relation. He had no car or license. Now state is involved and saying I may be charged with failure to provide supervision? I am only gone while at work, I have to work. She has to attend school. I had no idea he was coming over. Her father refuses to get internet so she doesn't have to be left alone. How am I in trouble when I had no knowledge rules being broken and had strict rules in place?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Terrence H Thorgaard	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Evidently all the state has to prove is that the supervision you provided was unreasonable under the circumstances.  You may, if you are indeed charged, need an attorney in your state who is proficient in criminal law.  In the mean time, politely refuse to answer any questions; as you know you have the Fifth Amendment right to do so, and to answer could likely help them build a tighter case against you."
517	Q: No will however deceased has 2 minor childr from 1st marriage- are they entitled to share of estate	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Under the intestate laws, yes."
518	"Q: If I file for a trademark, will the trademark office conduct a search for me?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Well, the Trademark Office (either Federal or State) will conduct their own trademark search, but it will not be ""for you;"" it will be to determine whether your mark is confusingly similar to another registered mark. If they find a conflict, they will reject your application, and you will have lost your filing fee. That is why it is a good idea to do a trademark search before you file, or better yet, before you select your trademark.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317-891-1500"
519	"Q: What is a ""famous"" trademark, and why should I care?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	3	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: According to the Lanham Act,a “famous” mark under the Lanham Act is:

(2) Definitions

(A) For purposes of paragraph (1), a mark is famous if it is widely recognized by the general consuming public of the United States as a designation of source of the goods or services of the mark’s owner. In determining whether a mark possesses the requisite degree of recognition, the court may consider all relevant factors, including the following: 

(i) The duration, extent, and geographic reach of advertising and publicity of the mark, whether advertised or publicized by the owner or third parties.

(ii) The amount, volume, and geographic extent of sales of goods or services offered under the mark.

(iii) The extent of actual recognition of the mark.

(iv) Whether the mark was registered under the Act of March 3, 1881, or the Act of February 20, 1905, or on the principal register. 

(B) For purposes of paragraph (1), “dilution by blurring” is association arising from the similarity between a mark or trade name and a famous mark that impairs the distinctiveness of the famous mark. In determining whether a mark or trade name is likely to cause dilution by blurring, the court may consider all relevant factors, including the following:

(i) The degree of similarity between the mark or trade name and the famous mark.

(ii) The degree of inherent or acquired distinctiveness of the famous mark.

(iii) The extent to which the owner of the famous mark is engaging in substantially exclusive use of the mark.

(iv) The degree of recognition of the famous mark.

(v) Whether the user of the mark or trade name intended to create an association with the famous mark.

(vi) Any actual association between the mark or trade name and the famous mark. 

(C) For purposes of paragraph (1), “dilution by tarnishment” is association arising from the similarity between a mark or trade name and a famous mark that harms the reputation of the famous mark"
520	Q: no criminal record until now for domistic battery can he come out by paying the bonds	My husband has no criminal records  until now for domistic battery. now he's being held by immigration if I pay the bonds will he be let out or will he stay  in jail cause of his hold for ice?	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Camlinh Nguyen Rogers	Immigration Law Lawyer	A: The stated facts create a complex case.  Assistance of an experienced immigration attorney is encouraged.  Good luck. www.aba-us.com
521	Q: Is there a statute of limitations on homicide neglect?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Under Indiana law, homicide includes many things including murder.  There is no time limitations to the State filing a murder charge. I am not sure what you mean by ""homicide neglect."""
522	Q: How do i file a paternity action suit	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You will need to file a petition at your county courthouse naming the other parent and child.  You will also have to serve the other parent with a copy of the petition.  There may be other documents that need to be filed depending on the local rules for the county where the case will be located.
523	Q: Is it possible for a church to act as a joint sponsor for my husband to come to the United States?	I do not meet the income requirements to act as his sole sponsor.	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Tanvir Joshi	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: Disclaimer: The following advice is for informational purposes only and should NOT be relied on as legal advice because more facts are necessary to determine the issue. No attorney-client relationship is formed through these questions and answers. Check our website http://www.joshilawfirm.com to contact us and discuss your case in detail.  

No. In addition to other requirements, a joint sponsor must be an individual."
524	Q: Can the pliantiff respond with more information to overturn a court order.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Under certain circumstances, yes.  You can look at Indiana Trial Rules 59 and 60."
525	"Q: I wrote a Twilight fan fic, Can I upload it to cafe press so I can buy a hard copy of my story as a book?"	"Can I do this, I just want to have a bound copy for my own use, is it copyright infringement if I wrote it, and I'm buying it for my own use?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: If your book copies copyrightable elements of the Twilight book, technically, writing your own book would probably be copyright infringement. However, as a practical matter, it is unlikely that the owner of the copyrights in the Twilight book would complain. Independent authors write proposed sequels to books / movies all the time, and try to work with the copyright owners to get them published or produced. As long as your activities are not generating profits (and it sounds like they would not be), your risk of being subject to a copyright infringement claim is low.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
526	"Q: What products are involved in the ongoing class action lawsuits against Medtronic, Inc. for products liability?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Products Liability"	1	Adam Studnicki	Products Liability Lawyer	"A: Contact the law firm representing plaintiffs in the action.  They can help advise if you qualify. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is general information that is given for legal education only. It is not legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
527	"Q: In divorce I am entitled to half of pension, do i really have to wait until he retires to receive money ?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If you were awarded part of the pension, you are entitled to payment purusant to the plan.  If the plan indicates it is when he retires, the answer is yes, you have to wait.  You may be able to borrow against your part of the pension.  The best advice is to have an attorney review the plan or contact the plan administrator."
528	Q: Filed for divorce now my husband won't let me see the kids without him present.police won't help me.no money to hire	Lawyer he cleared bank account.We had a written agreement about visiting the children and he broke it by going home early while i was at work and my mom was at the house watching them. i had asked him to please stay out of the house while it was my day because he had followed me around yelling and fighting in from of our kids. so i found a nice apartment for me and the children and he won't let me take them there! I have been their primary caregiver and this is tearing me up inside to be without them.	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: first, if there is a court order then that is what controls what each person can do or not. the court order will decide custody and visitation.  if you cannot afford a lawyer you either need to look for a pro bono lawyer through the local bar association or do what you can to borrow or arrange for payments."
529	Q: I was working with Chase for loan modification. At the same time they forclosed my house. Is there any help I can get.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Foreclosure"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Possibly.  However the answer depends on large part on the modification process status as it relates to the timing of the foreclosure proceeding.
530	"Q: If a man and women are divorcing he has joint custody of his child from another marriage. When they sperate, who leaves."	The house?	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: If they cannot agree, it depends upon what the divorce court judge decides.  If one or the other wants, he or she can file an appropriate motion. 

I'm not sure what the part about him having a child has to do with it, frankly.  I suppose it might be something to consider in awarding possession of the house."
531	Q: I've designed a new logo for my company. Should it be trademarked or copyrighted?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You may be able to do both, if the logo contains sufficient creative content. Trademark protection would protect against someone else using a confusingly similar logo in thier business, even if they did not ""copy"" your logo (e.g., they coincidentally designed a logo that is similar). Copyright protection would protect against someone copying your logo, even if they do not use it as a trademark to sell a good or service.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
532	Q: I have received forclosure notice on my home. How do I go about giving a waiver for them to go ahead and sell?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Foreclosure"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: I am speculating but ti sounds as if you are asking how to give a deed in lieu.  Mostlenders have their own procedures and qualifying requirements for  accepting a deed in lieu. You need to contact your lender.  Be prepared to provide a substantial amount of information and for a somewhat time consuming process.

You also have the option of just not responding to the Complaint.  However, these days a number of the lenders are sitting on their foreclosures once filed, so in the meantime, your expenses and liabilities such as taxes continue to build up."
533	Q: How do i get in to adopted records	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Adoption"	1	Kenneth Mitchell Kaplan	Family Law Lawyer	A: You must file A Petition to Unseal your Adoption records.
534	Q: If I hired a Civil Attorney and I don't feel he is doing his job can I get a new one?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You have an absolute right to discharge your attorney and hire a new one.
535	Q: My husband is being charged with a class D felony for theft. He didn't actually take anything.	"His friend supposedly got permission to take a bunch of scrap metal from a burnt down abandoned house and the neighbors to this house called the police on them. His buddy took off before the police showed up leaving my husband high and dry to take punishment, my husband not knowing he didn't actually have permission because noone could actually locate the home owners to the burnt house and he is now in jail being faced with Class D felony charge for theft, he didn't leave the house with anything in his truck he took everything he had put in it out while the police were there. can they still charge him with this?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	JR Emerson	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: The quick answer is yes.  Prosecutors have a great deal of discretion on whether or not to file charges.  In order to be convicted the State will have to prove that your friend Knowingly or Intentionally exerted control over the property of another person and did so without the permission of the property owner.  I believe that your friend's attorney, if he/she gets an attorney which I highly recommend he/she do, will focus on the element of knowingly or intentionally exerting control with the defense.  Have your friend speak with a criminal attorney as soon as possible."
536	Q: Can I get divorce by phone?	I have pending divorce in Indiana but I moved to Wisconsin. And cannot get to Indiana. All I need to do is publish in newspaper my divorce cause i do not have where abouts to my husband. is there a way to get my divorce without being there? maybe like by phone or something? My husband won;t be there cause I do not know where he is. thats why I need to publish.	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Not by phone, but you can do pretty much everything via mail. In order to publish the newspaper will need a copy of the summons so it can be run for 3 consecutive weeks. Once you have the proof of the publication you submit that to the clerk of the court for the county in which the case is pending. After 60 days from the date of service you may then file a motion for default by mail to the court (include extra copies, to be sent back to you along with a self addressed stamped envelope). You can also call the clerk's office to get advice on how many copies, and what to include, but they will not give legal advice.  

Best of luck!"
537	Q: Can you be arrested for being late or not returning merchandise from rent a center?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Look this up in the criminal statutes of your state.
538	Q: I own a rental property and my tenants are destroying the property.  They are late on the rent every month.	They seem to be struggling with money.  I want to evict them but they have children.  Is it difficult to evict families?  Can I evict them when their lease is up?	"Related Topics:
            
            Landlord - Tenant"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You can evict them upon giving them proper notice and filing for eviction.  It is not any more legally difficult to evict families then individuals.  You can evict them at any time if they are behind in rent and you provide the proper notice.
539	"Q: How is an estate divided in Indiana if there is no will, 2 deceased siblings,10 nieces & nephews--2 from 1,8 from other."	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Michael Ray Smith	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: Assuming the nieces and nephews are the only survivors (i.e., no spouse, no parents, no children, grandchildren, great grandchildren, etc.), the nieces and nephews will take ""by representation"" or ""per stirpes.""  In other words, the two siblings, had they survived, would have each taken half.  So the two children of the one sibling each take one-fourth (i.e., half of the deceased sibling's half) and the 8 children of the other sibling each take one-sixteenth (i.e., one-eighth of the other deceased sibling's half)."
540	Q: Can I sure my mom for emotional distress leaving me without food and neglecting my family while helping my ex wife's ?	I have suffered constant medical problems do to the server emotional distress caused by her constant attempts to force me back to America through refusing me money. She 100% finically supports my ex wife her husband and their 4 or more kids. I am living in bangkok thailand and she and ex wife in Indiana usa. Many times she has said would provide us the money we needed to help ourselves then refused to do so later. My wife is pregnant and we don't have a way to provide for our baby when it arrives and we don't even have the money needed to properly take care of all the medical needs for the pregnancy. These actions by my mom has also endangered our own born baby by causing my wor to suffer high levels of stress as well.	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: It's difficult to answer this based on the information presented. Reach out in person to a lawyer to see if you have any claims.  You can use the Find a Lawyer tool on this site to look for lawyers. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is general information that is given for legal education only. It is not legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
541	Q: Our free paper wants to use lyrics of songs in an article--is there a fixed number of words to quote copyright free?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: First consider whether the lyrics may be in the public domain, for example, if the song is over 75 years old. Assuming the song is protected by copyright, unfortunately, there is no ""objective test"" for how many words you can quote. In general, reproducing a copyrighted work for purposes of comment or criticism is a ""fair use"" that does avoid infringement liability. However, you should only reproduce enough of the lyrics to allow you to make your commentary. That COULD be all the lyrics, or, it could be less. It depends on your comments.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
542	Q: Do you have to continue child support if a child decides to live at one house and that house is financially responsible?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Support"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: you have to continue to pay child support so long as the court order of support is in effect.
543	Q: If you can find a copy of a magazine that called me fag on the cover I have good lawsuit . Can you help?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: I don't understand the question. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is general information that is given for legal education only. It is not legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
544	"Q: If I'm named as a defendant in a case but have not been notified, what do I do?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You can hire counsel to guide you after a consultation or you can momnitor the case yourself to make sure that no orders are entered against you.
545	Q: Is there a wealthy enough supply of evidence to condemn income taxes as unconstitutional?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Tax Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: At federal level, the country passed a constitutional Amendment to make it legal. See Amend 17."
546	Q: My son was inner tubing behind a boat. when they turned he was falling off tube pulled 2 teeth out bone this civil suit	"Just wondering if this would be a civil lawsuit? When the driver made a turn his inner tube speed up.causing his tube to go out of control when he came off tub the stiching tore his 2 front teeth out of bone. We cant prove neglegens on driver at the time. But he did not follow laws before or after the accident. just wondering if we would have a case and if so is it a civil case? Insurance company wants to settle for $25,000 but we have $13,000 into it. we want to make sure my son has enough for down the road if he needs to have more work done. is this a fair deal to take the $25,000"	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Sounds like a possible suit to me-the very fact that he had an innertube attached to his boat and was tugging a minor is negligence enough for a suit and even more so depending to an extent on what laws were that he was violating.  Without having more information, I cannot tell you whether the offer is fair, but my instincts tell me that this is a low offer.  The insurance company knows that you are not represented and is taking advantage of the situation.   This may be a very serious case with significant dental and/or other health issues down the line for you son.  Contact an attorney. You may feel free to contact me at (877) 446 5294 or visit my website at www.indianapersonalinjurylawyer.net."
547	"Q: What documents are required to leagally and lawfully complete a land contract purchase, what steps need to be done, ie."	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: you should contact a real estate lawyer in the county where the purchase is. feel free to call our firm's ken wilk for a free telephone consultation. generally, as the purchaser you want clear title. this means you want the title company to issue title insurance. you will want a warranty deed. typically closings are held at the title company and it charges a modest fee but it is usually done right. good luck."
548	Q: Can I make payment arrangements on a judgement that is already on my credit since 2011 and now want to garnish wages?	Court date in September but I will be moving out of state if they don't accept the offer I wanted to emergency bankruptcy but leave in three week?	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	2	Robert Gambrell	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: You certainly have the right to call the creditor or the creditor's lawyer and make an offer.  However, you cannot force the creditor to accept anything less than full payment of the judgment plus all interest accrued since the judgment was entered in 2011. 

If you are considering filing a bankruptcy, then you need to take the time to meet with an experienced bankruptcy attorney that handles chapter 7 and chapter 13 cases. Most attorneys will meet with you at no charge for the initial appointment. You can use the Justia ""Find a Lawyer"" link at the top of this page to search for an attorney."
549	"Q: Is the ""right of publicity"" valid in all 50 states?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: No, the ""right of publicity"" varies considerably from State to state, so check with an attorney in your state.  Indiana is viewed as having the most favorabel ""right of publicty"" statute anywhere in the country, as discussed here:  http://www.iniplaw.org/2010/12/horror-pops-lead-singer-patric.html

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
550	Q: If we are in the middle of bankruptcy should we go ahead and file our taxes? most years we have recieved a refund?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Bankruptcy does not change your obligation to file tax returns. In fact, failure to file tax returns can lead to your case being dismissed without a discharge of your debts.

The refund may be required to be paid to your bankruptcy trustee. Dismissal is possible if you fail to comply here, too."
551	Q: What is the first step to getting joint custody?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	1	Burton A. Padove	Divorce Lawyer	"A: the question is unclear as you do not state whether you are seeking to modify an existing order or obtain an initial order.  Either way, you need to look at the factors for custody that are set forth in the Indiana Code Chapter 31. The next step is to see if your spouse would agree. If not, you should hire counsel."
552	Q: Can I do anything about a buyer who doesn't disclose financial information?	We had a contract to sell our house. She didn't qualify for a loan. 2 weeks later she buys an even more expensive house. Can she legally withhold financial information to prevent the sale from proceeding?	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: If I understand correctly, you are a bit suspicious that the buyer may not have disclosed all of her financial information in applying for a loan precisly so she would not qualify and therefore could get out of the purchase agreement.  A couple of thoughts.... 

Most purchase agreements that are contingent on the buyer obtaining financing require the buyer to apply for financing within a certain period of time and to make a diligent effort to obtain financing.  If she withheld information so she would not qualify for the loan, it seems likely that she would have breached her obligation to make a diligent effort to obtain financing.  Without addressing the difficulty in bringing and winning such a lawsuit, I'll just point out that, even if she did breach, you have an obligation to mitigate damages, which means you'd need to put the house back on the market.  If you can find another buyer who will pay the same amount, your damages from the first buyer's breach will be fairly minimal, probably not enough to justify a lawsuit. 

My second thought is to ask if the buyer has actually obtained financing for the second house.  It's possible she really didn't qualify for a loan for your house, and she won't qualify for a loan for the next on either."
553	Q: Is there legal action I can take to get a refund for a product that I still (year later) haven't recieved?	"I have ordered a custom guitar speaker cabinet (which takes a few months to be made) a year later, I still don't have it, have recieved emails saying they will not refund me until they sell the speaker cabinet to thus cover their costs and have said if I email them any more they will take up to 50% of that money as I purchased the product under 'their terms' (their terms actually say NOTHING about this...)

I'd like my money back and would like to know the best way - I am from England so it's made things quite hard for me. Please help, many thanks."	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Timothy Coe	Consumer Law Lawyer	"A: I've just answered a remarkably similar question from a remarkably similar location. If this is not the same person who asked the other question then see the other questions for consumer law in Indiana answered by yours truly. 

Best of luck!"
554	Q: I was fired from a state job a 2 months ago and dont feel I was treated fairly. How do i fight them?	"I was going to school in laporte for my job and I took three vacation days wen I returned to work the class had been canceled.I had no information were to go so i left a note with my name saying I was there,this continued for three days until class finally resumed and wen i got there they asked me were i had been and that boss wanted to talk to me .I was taken to a room with a supervisor and an Hr and they told me I was terminated and they wanted me to sign papers I declined,I admit I was upset after hearing this and I stormed out and they called police.They also took my company vehicle and left me stranded 50 miles from my house. I was also told that someone saw me saw me unauthorizly using a company vehicle which is not true.I am now losing my car my place of living and I was denied unemployment. I need help Im losing everything and noone will hire me because of this. Thank you for any info"	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: you need to consult with an employment law lawyer. on our team of lawyers is blessed to have rich long, carla pyle and kris kantar who are experienced in employment law. although they may be able to answer questions, because it is in laporte it may be too far for them to actually represent you."
555	Q: Is it illegal to carry an expandable/extendable baton in the state of indiana	"I'm a 5 time felon looking for means of self-defense in the most practical way...live in Indiana and my brother who is a cop says I can buy, own, or carry an extendable baton or expandable baton as they are sold on the internet..."	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: I do not practice law in your state, but I think the best thing to do for now is to ask your brother for the specific statutes that you need to read. If they are too confusing, then go see a private criminal defense attorney for the specific advice that you need. The attorney would be able to do research into the case law under the statutes or might know the answers you seek."
556	"Q: I am a 49yr male, my 16yr son and his mother have just put a restraining order against me for pushing him? we have 50/50"	Custody. Been seperated for 5yr and not finished divorce as of yet. Have not lived together for 5yr. Do I need a lawyer?	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Yes, you need a lawyer!  Your situation is quite serious and your rights are in jeopardy."
557	Q: What is the best online site for a simple will	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	2	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: While legalzoom.com is probably the most popular, you should be careful about using this or similar sites.  A good review of online will systems is here: http://bucks.blogs.nytimes.com/2010/09/10/drafting-your-own-will-online/

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317-891-1500"
558	"Q: My husband, my brother, and I are living in my moms house but she passed away."	Her name is still on the  House Title. How long can we legally live here without taking her name off the title and putting ours on? Or do we have to take her name off of the Title and put ours on the Title as soon as possible?	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	"A: I am not an Indiana attorney, but I am not aware of any state that requires you to change the Deed. One question, however, is how did you acquire title. Was there a Will?"
559	Q: I own 2 homes. If I file Bankruptcy can I keep one home and file on the the other? And same goes for credit cards?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: When you file Bky everything is included.  Everything you own and owe.  You can keep things, such as a mortgaged property via a Reaffirmation Agreement, but still everything owned and owed is included.

www.dont-sweat-the-debt.com"
560	Q: If I file for bankruptcy can I file on property taxes that are past due	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Steven Taylor	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: You must list all debts when you file bankruptcy.  So yes you can file on property taxes that are past due.  The property taxes will be dischargeable unless they are personal property taxes assessed within 1 year of filing.
561	"Q: I have 4 lots I want to sell In Indianapolis. I have a buyer, but he wants to know the title deeds are free of liens."	How can I do this?	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: You get title insurance, a search for liens needs to be done in order for you to give a warranty deed upon the sale. This is standard stuff."
562	Q: I have questions about getting divorced from my husband; I am currently outside the U.S. with our minor child.	"My husband asked me and our child to leave for Romania, so we get separated. 

I went as we talked and now he said he might go and tell on me that I've kidnapped our son if I dont agree with him to cease all our properties in the State of Indiana to him. 

We have a house in Indiana, plus other assets there.  We also have a property overseas. 

What should I do?  

What steps do I have to take   and do I have to be there to file anything even divorce before him marking assetts out of his name,whatever he can...like cars,common things?  

Thank you."	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: There are a few things we need to know before giving a competent answer, such as; How long ago did you leave Indiana? How much property do you have here and in Romania? How long did you live in Indiana? Where you married in Indiana? If you haven't been gone too long you can file for divorce from there via mail. I don't know if you will be able to avoid coming back to Indiana if there needs to be a hearing in a divorce but you should hire an attorney here to cover as much of it as possible and try to work out an agreement.

Best of luck!"
563	Q: My friend will be visting from the UK. the TV station FOX TV wants him to perform 1 song with his band on their station.	There is no money involved here. Is this legal?	"Related Topics:
            
            Entertainment / Sports"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: Generally speaking, people can perform their own music for free. The question here is whether it's a problem based on his immigration status in the USA."
564	Q: I want to return my mortgage back to the bank.do i  have to keep on with the mortgage payments after returning the house	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Unless you are talking about a deed in lieu of foreclosure, where the bank forgives the loan and accepts owenership of the property by deed, you will have to keep up on the mortgage, insurance and taxes."
565	Q: father missed court and has never recieved his child support where do you look for lost support in the system ?	his ex recently told him she has been paying this for quite sometime and he has never been contacted by the courts as to the fact he has child support that is owed to him ?	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: Have you contacted the clerk of court about this? That might be a good place to start.
566	Q: I found an envelope at my deceased mother in laws house my name on it from the bankruptcy. I didn't file. What do I do?	I didn't file and I can't find any other papers. How do I find out i find out what happened?	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: A good start would be to check out the Bky case.  Sign up for PACER, it is a free governmental service, as long as you use less than $15 a calendar quarter. Then sign on at the District Court's Bky Site for the specific district and perform a search. From the Docket you can print copies of the documents filed.

www.dont-sweat-the-debt.com"
567	"Q: Hi there,  
I am trying to adjust my status and I have a question about being a sponsor. See more information box."	I came to the US as a student and a little over a year ago i got married. I couldn't pay my tuition so my school visa got out of status and now I'm trying to adjust my status through my marriage. The problem is my mother can not be my sponsor but just prior my school visa getting out of status I was working as an intern and I never stopped working till now. My question then is can I use my income to support my application? My spouse does not making enough money required to qualify as a sponsor.	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: What is the immigration status of your spouse? How much money do you make per year? Have you filed taxes for the last three years? Talk to an immigration attorney in private to help you with this problem. Many attorneys including me offer free consultations, make use of them. All the best.  

- Shan Potts  

Like our facebook page for regular immigration updates - www.facebook.com/pottsmartinez  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
568	Q: DO I NEED A SEPERATE ORDER SUBMITTED WITH AGREED ENTRY TO STOP CHILD SUPPORT OR CAN THE JUDGE SIGN THE AGREED ENTRY TOO?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Support"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: That would depend on the practices of that Judge.  I would play it safe and submit both to the judge,"
569	Q: I need to break a lease due to housing conditions. Is that possible?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Landlord - Tenant"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Yes it is possible.  the concept is known as constructive eviction.
570	"Q: How can i relinquish voluntary guardianship of my boys with my brother, who has left the boys in indiana, he is in haiti"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: I understand your situation to be the following: your brother had ""guardianship"" of your boys but has left the state of indiana leaving the boys in the state with someone else. it is unclear whether a formal guardianship was established through the courts. if so, that particular court would have jurisdiction to establish another guardian over the boys. there are alot of unanswered questions such as where is the mom, who has the boys now, etc.. bottom line is that you need to get a lawyer who does domestic relations law in the county where the boys are located. if it is lake co, our firm's adam sedia or nicole keith could answer any further questions. feel free to call either of them."
571	Q: Can you have a felony when applying for indiana alcohol server 2 year permit	null	"Related Topics:
            
            DUI / DWI"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Here's the pdf for the application:

http://www.in.gov/atc/files/EmployeePermit_3_1-5-10.pdf

The only mention of ""felony"" I can find is where it tells you lying on the application is a felony.

The Indiana Administrative Code section for the Alcohol Bureau is here:

http://www.in.gov/legislative/iac/iac_title?iact=905

I did a pdf search for ""felony"" and ""misdemeanor"" and there could not find either word ANYWHERE in the entire section.

You might just want to call them and ask."
572	Q: See detailed question below:	Left soon to be ex 3 mos. ago. Filed almost 2 mos. ago. He is living in the house we shared.  Waiting for finalized divorce date in 16 days.  To avoid hassles I've paid ex $600 dollars every 2 wks. for mortgage.  Did I have to since I was not living there and do I have obligation to pay anymore on the mortgage & if so when will it end? Anything I have to do to get my name off the mortgage immediately or will divorce finalization be enough? Agreement being he will keep house and I could careless about getting half the value.	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: I'll answer the mortgage question first.  The mortgage company DOESN'T CARE if you are divorced.  Your ex needs to refinance to get you off the mortgage.  Otherwise, you're stuck and you need some protective language in any final decree.  Hire a lawyer.  It might hurt now, but it will save you TONS of headaches in the long run."
573	Q: I'm 16 and my girlfriend is 13 if I turn 18 and we have been dating before I was 18 is it illegal.	And if her dad dosnt approve and my dad does what could possibly happen.	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: The possibilities are endless. I cannot believe that you have asked that online. Dating is not illegal. That is wat you asked, right?"
574	"Q: What will happen to person A, B, C and D?"	"Person A was conviced of conspiracy to distribute meth and is curresntly serving a 360 month sentence in federal prison. The sentence was based on the testimony of two co-defendants, Person B and Person C, who said that Person A had sold them a certain quantity of drugs. Neither the two co-defendants nore the court were ever able to prove that. Person A met Person D in jail a few years after being incarcerated. Person D told Person A that Person B and C had offered him 10000 USD to kill Person A prior to all of them getting arrested. Person A is trying to get his sentence reduced and wants Person D to sign an affidavit saying that Person B and C offered him money to kill Person A. What will happen to person A, B, C and D?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: This is not a real life situation, is it? You said what happened to A already. It is up to the prosecutor as to the others."
575	"Q: Would a lawyer be recomemded to have charges from the DCS dismissed, and what type of lawyer would handle this case?"	"My son received papers from the DCS stating the charges of sexual misconduct with a minor were substantiated. The girl(14 years old) states they had sex, my son (19 years old) states they did not. Their evidence is based on the girls testimony alone according to the DCS documents we received. How do I go about fighting these charges and clearing his name?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Sometimes, the charges that are asserted can have criminal implications.vvUsually, a family law lawyer or a criminal lawyer handles these kinds of cases."
576	Q: The will says that I get the house and all its contents.  Doesn't that include all of the contents of the safe?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Absent any  language stating to the contrary, yes"
577	Q: My children are 15 and 11 and do not like going to their father's home for visitation. Do they have to go?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Yes.  You need to look at the Parenting Time Guidelines.  In the recent case of AN v. JN [not published in NE2d but available in pdf at http://www.in.gov/judiciary/opinions/pdf/06201101cld.pdf   the Court said:

*****

The Guidelines state that “each parent shall be responsible to ensure the child complies with the scheduled parenting time. In no event shall a child be allowed to make the decision on whether scheduled parenting time takes place.” Parenting Time G., § I(E)(3). Again, “we have rejected the notion that a custodial parent may justify inaction simply because a child refuses to cooperate with a visitation order.” Macintosh, 749 N.E.2d at 630.

*****"
578	"Q: If I learned that my ex (who has joint custody of my kids) is taking them around a convicted child molester, what can I do?"	"We have 50-50 custody and I just found out that he has been taking them around a convicted child molester who served ten years in prison and has a lifetime registration.  We have three children: an 11 year-old girl, a 9 year-old boy, and a 7 year-old girl."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: 1. Ask him to stop for the sake and safety of the kids. 2. Petition the court for modification of custody based on the danger to the kids.
579	Q: If a creditor does not accept a check for a partial payment and demands payment in full do i have any recourse?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: No
580	Q: What should I do if my ex did not complying with prior court order?	"I had been divorced nearly 2 years ago in Denton, TX. Now I m staying in Indiana for time being. What should I do in my case?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: If he is not complying with a Court Order that is obviously not a good thing.  In order to enforce or make him comply the court will need to be made aware of his failure.  Ultimately a Judge may find him in contempt of court.

Typically contempt arises when one party fails or refuses to comply with the terms of a court-approved ""agreement"" between the parties or a court order.  To be found in contempt the court must find that the person willfully disobeyed the order in question.

Speak with the attorney that represented you in this matter. If you represented yourself, then find an attorney who can help you with this matter."
581	"Q: I was guilty of a crime under a new law that I was not aware of. I was one of the first convected now the law,s resended"	I recieved a supended sentence I'm one year into the probation and have violated with 6 months left I am guilty of breaking a law that now does not exist. I will be resentenced to do the 18 month sentence in county jail for a crime i had no knowledge and  is not a crime. is there any case law on it.	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Justia Legal Answers is a forum for consumers to get answers to basic legal questions.  You need much more than that. You basically asked for us to do research on this narrow topic. Go see a local criminal defense attorney about this. You might be able to get some form of post conviction relief.
582	"Q: If I file for a patent or copyright, will the information in my applications become available on Google?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: For the patent application, unless the application is abandoned within 18 months, or unless it was filed with a Non-publication Request (which would limit your ability to file for foreign patents) your application will be published.  Similarly, unless you with withdraw your copyright application, if it is approved, it will be come publicly available on the Internet.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
583	"Q: If a will states house and contents go to a person, does that also mean personal items like pictures and other documents"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Michael Ray Smith	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: At least in Indiana, a gift of the ""contents"" of a house set forth in a will generally includes only those things that are ordinarily identified with a home, which would probably include pictures, but not documents such as stock certificates, insurance policies, certificates of deposit, checks, and such -- unless the will specifically indicates the intent to include those things."
584	Q: Would it be legal to give a cop the middle finger?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: it would be very stupid to do so.  if you are thinking about it - DON'T !
585	Q: My mother is in Hospice. Barely enough life ins for burial and bills to be paid. no assets - Am I responsible to pay	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Probate"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Interesting question.  I am posting a copy of the statute that seems to indicate that you are responsible but limits who can sue you for payment.  IC 31-16-17

Chapter 17. Liability for Support of Parents

IC 31-16-17-1

Duty to furnish support for parents

Sec. 1. Any individual:

(1) whose father or mother provided the individual with

necessary food, shelter, clothing, medical attention, and

education until the individual reached sixteen (16) years of age;

and

(2) who is financially able due to the individual's own property,

income, or earnings;

shall contribute to the support of the individual's parents if either

parent is financially unable to furnish the parent's own necessary

food, clothing, shelter, and medical attention. The individual shall

also provide financial support for the parent's burial if the parent's

burial is provided under IC 12-20-16-12.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8. Amended by P.L.139-2000, SEC.4.

IC 31-16-17-2

Action for support; parties plaintiff

Sec. 2. An action for support of a parent may be instituted against

a child for violation of the duty to support a parent as required by

section 1 of this chapter by filing a verified complaint in a circuit or

superior court of the county of the residence of either parent. The

plaintiff or plaintiffs must be:

(1) the parent or parents; or

(2) the:

(A) prosecuting attorney of the judicial circuit;

(B) county director of the county office of family and

children of the county in which the parent resides;

(C) township trustee of the township in which the parent

resides; or

(D) division of family and children;

on behalf of the parent.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-3

Averments of complaint

Sec. 3. The complaint must allege definite specific facts to

establish:

(1) the duty to support; and

(2) the violation of the duty to support.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-4

Standing; costs

Sec. 4. (a) Any of the following may prosecute a civil action for

support of a parent:

(1) The parent.

(2) The township trustee.

(3) The county director of the county office of family and

children.

(4) The director of the division of family and children.

(5) The prosecuting attorney.

(b) Costs may not be taxed against:

(1) the prosecuting attorney;

(2) the county director of the county office of family and

children;

(3) the township trustee; or

(4) the director of the division of family and children.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-5

Attorney's fees

Sec. 5. In an action brought under this chapter in which:

(1) the parent is the plaintiff; and

(2) judgment is entered for the plaintiff;

the plaintiff is also entitled to recover reasonable attorney's fees,

which the court trying the action shall enter as a part of the judgment.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-6

Pleading; service of notice on defendant

Sec. 6. Notice shall be served upon a defendant and issues shall

be made upon the verified complaint as in other civil actions.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-7

Additional parties defendant; admissibility of evidence

Sec. 7. (a) The court on the court's own motion may order other

children made additional parties defendant.

(b) In the trial of the action, evidence may be admitted concerning

support and care furnished to or by children other than the

defendants.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-8

Appeal and review

Sec. 8. (a) If:

(1) the finding of the court; or

(2) the verdict of the jury;

is for or against the defendant, each party aggrieved by the finding

or verdict may file a motion for a new trial and other proceedings

that are proper in other civil actions.

(b) Appeals may be taken as in other civil actions.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-9

Jury verdict

Sec. 9. If the trial is by jury, the verdict of the jury must state only

that the jury finds in favor of each party that should recover.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-10

Judgment and order

Sec. 10. If the verdict or finding of the court is against a

defendant, the court shall:

(1) enter judgment against the defendant or defendants; and

(2) order that adequate provision be made for the support of the

parent or parents, taking into consideration:

(A) the needs of the parent or parents;

(B) the ability of the defendant to pay; and

(C) the evidence given in the action concerning treatment

given the child by the parent when obligated to support the

child.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-11

Continuing order; modification; execution

Sec. 11. (a) An order of the court under section 10 of this chapter

is a continuing order. The court has jurisdiction to modify the order

with respect to:

(1) the order's continuation;

(2) the amount of support; and

(3) the method of payment at any time during the need of the

parent or during the financial ability of the child.

(b) The order:

(1) must be for the payment of periodical amounts, equal or

varying; and

(2) may be apportioned in different amounts between the

respective children who may be parties defendant to the

proceedings.

(c) Execution of the order:

(1) may issue on the judgment if an amount is due on the

judgment; and

(2) shall be executed without any relief from valuation,

appraisement, or exemption laws.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8.

IC 31-16-17-12

Contempt

Sec. 12. If a defendant is in default for failure to comply with the

order and judgment of the court, the same process may be used for

contempt of court as in divorce proceedings.

As added by P.L.1-1997, SEC.8."
586	Q: How can I find out if a person I have a judgment against is filing a bankruptcy or where is the best place to search ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Rachel Lea Hunter	Consumer Law Lawyer	"A: PACER (it stands for public access to court records).  Unfortunately, you have to have an account.  Either pay a bankruptcy attorney to look it up for you or get the contact information for the bankruptcy court for the district where the debtor resides and call the bankruptcy court.  Go to the PACER site - there are instructions to get case information on the voice-system (VCIS)."
587	"Q: If paternity has not been established for a child and the father is deceased, can the paternal grandmother take custody?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: the short answer is NO.  paternity has to be established. further if the mother is alive, grandparents have no custody rights unless the mother's parental rights are terminated.  in our team of lawyers, our adam sedia has experience in these matters."
588	Q: Insurance claim from a accident they are in fault not my insurance don't wanna pay full cost of car totaled out	Wanna know can they do that ask me if I had gap insurance so my insurance would cover xtra cost now I'm without a car and lost the money I just paid from repairs a week before the accident $3600 and I still owe on the car any advice would help	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Adam Studnicki	Personal Injury Lawyer	"A: Not clear on your question. In many states, if your car was totaled, you are entitled to the fair market value at the time of the accident.  If you were injured, talk to a local injury lawyer."
589	Q: Can a officer question a juvenile without a parent present?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Juvenile Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Yes.  BUT . . . it is NOT admissible if the child did not have an opportunity to have a ""meaningful consultation"" with a parent or guardian BEFORE waiving right to counsel.  UNLESS .. . the child gets on the witness stand and testifies INCONSISTENTLY with what was said in the unlawful consultation.

Here are the relevant statutes:

IC 31-32-5-1  Waiver of rights guaranteed to child

Any rights guaranteed to a child under the Constitution of the United States, the Constitution of the State of Indiana, or any other law may be waived only:

(1) by counsel retained or appointed to represent the child if the child knowingly and voluntarily joins with the waiver;

(2) by the child's custodial parent, guardian, custodian, or guardian ad litem if:

(A) that person knowingly and voluntarily waives the right;

(B) that person has no interest adverse to the child;

(C) meaningful consultation has occurred between that person and the child; and

(D) the child knowingly and voluntarily joins with the waiver; or

(3) by the child, without the presence of a custodial parent, guardian, or guardian ad litem, if:

(A) the child knowingly and voluntarily consents to the waiver; and

(B) the child has been emancipated under IC 31-34-20-6 or IC 31-37-19-27, by virtue of having married, or in accordance with the laws of another state or jurisdiction.

IC 31-32-5-2  Child's waiver of right to meaningful consultation

The child may waive the child's right to meaningful consultation under section 1(2)(C) of this chapter if:

(1) the child is informed of that right;

(2) the child's waiver is made in the presence of the child's custodial parent, guardian, custodian, guardian ad litem, or attorney; and

(3) the waiver is made knowingly and voluntarily.

IC 31-32-5-3  Admissibility of excluded statement for impeachment purposes

If:

(1) a statement made knowingly and voluntarily cannot be admitted as evidence against a child because of failure to meet the requirements of section 1 of this chapter; and

(2) the child testifies in the child's own defense;

the statement may be admitted to impeach the child as a witness in the same manner as evidence of any other prior inconsistent statement can be admitted for impeachment."
590	Q: What is the jail time for reckless homocide?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Burton A. Padove	Personal Injury Lawyer	A: 2-8 years
591	Q: The house mortgage is her name but she wants a divorced. We been married 3 yrs. I spent over 25000 fixing it up. So am	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Your question was cut off a bit early I'm afraid. I'm guessing you were going to ask how you would recoup the money you put into the house during the divorce. There are many ways to do that, especially if your wife agrees on the amount you spent and is willing to reimburse you for that cost. It would be best to speak to and hire an attorney to help you with the divorce and the property settlement."
592	"Q: If the bearing would've broken, it would have caused an accident. Is there anything I can do?"	I had a problem that my car had a very loud noise when driving. I went and asked for the dealer to test drive and they told me it was just because the tires were worn out and that they inspected the wheels and saw nothing wrong. I took it to the shop and it was the bearing which was getting progressively worse.	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: Get it fixed? Go see an attorney about this?
593	Q: I am buying land in contract. I had verbal permission to change the driveway and cut trees down.	The contract stated I needed written statement from seller. Is there anything seller can do. All payments are on time and current.	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Robert D. Kreisman	"Chicago, IL"	A: You need to have any terms of this land contract in writing.  The verbal permission really isn't good enough.  Confirm all of the terms by a writing that is acknowledged by the seller.
594	"Q: What is a ""famous"" trademark, and why should I care?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: According to the Lanham Act,a “famous” mark under the Lanham Act is: (2) Definitions (A) For purposes of paragraph (1), a mark is famous if it is widely recognized by the general consuming public of the United States as a designation of source of the goods or services of the mark’s owner. In determining whether a mark possesses the requisite degree of recognition, the court may consider all relevant factors, including the following: (i) The duration, extent, and geographic reach of advertising and publicity of the mark, whether advertised or publicized by the owner or third parties. (ii) The amount, volume, and geographic extent of sales of goods or services offered under the mark. (iii) The extent of actual recognition of the mark. (iv) Whether the mark was registered under the Act of March 3, 1881, or the Act of February 20, 1905, or on the principal register. (B) For purposes of paragraph (1), “dilution by blurring” is association arising from the similarity between a mark or trade name and a famous mark that impairs the distinctiveness of the famous mark. In determining whether a mark or trade name is likely to cause dilution by blurring, the court may consider all relevant factors, including the following: (i) The degree of similarity between the mark or trade name and the famous mark. (ii) The degree of inherent or acquired distinctiveness of the famous mark. (iii) The extent to which the owner of the famous mark is engaging in substantially exclusive use of the mark. (iv) The degree of recognition of the famous mark. (v) Whether the user of the mark or trade name intended to create an association with the famous mark. (vi) Any actual association between the mark or trade name and the famous mark. (C) For purposes of paragraph (1), “dilution by tarnishment” is association arising from the similarity between a mark or trade name and a famous mark that harms the reputation of the famous mark.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
595	Q: I want to return my mortgage back to the bank.do i  have to keep on with the mortgage payments after returning the house	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: you have a promissory note with the bank.  that is the instrument that makes you indebted to the bank. the mortgage is simply a lien on your house that the bank can use as security for getting the note paid. simply deeding the property back to the band DOES NOT release you fronm the note.  in fact, sometimes banks will simply sue the borrower on the note instead of forclosing on the mortgage if the borrower is otherwise collectable."
596	Q: Help with child support and signing over rights	I went to court got sentanced 90 days in jail but they suspended it as long as i kept paying my child support well i was late on payments for 2 weeks because of rent and they called my work the child support prosercutor and it caused my boss who is strict about people in legal trouble to let me go because of this and i have been struggling to find another job but i have no license they took that too and have court coming up for that soon and im worried that if they sentance me to jail it will violate my probation im on for other reasons im not a druggy or anything just was hanging around the wrong person that decided to shoplift at walmart anyways what should i do i feel like im in an endless loop i cant pay off probation and child support and daily living IE rent and make it and the no license thing is causing this i have tried my best but am failing at it all i dont even get to see my daughter because her mother decided she didnt want me too would it make a diffrence as bad as it sou	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: This is a mess. The only thing that I can say is to keep a positive attitude and keep plugging away at doing the next right thing to do. I could tell you to go speak with a local attorney about all of this, but you do not appear to have the money to do that. Most attorneys give free initial consultations on family and criminal matters. You have to set priorities for yourself. One priority is to stay out of jail, and you have to figure out for yourself how you are going  to accomplish that."
597	Q: Is it unconstitutional for a criminal court to have jurisdiction over any innocent person never charged with a crime?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: What are the facts? You gave none, so we cannot answer."
598	"Q: I am inheriting renters when I take title to a house soon.   In Indiana, does a new owner have to honor existing lease?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: yes unless the lease says otherwise.
599	Q: Can a 21 year old have sex with a 16 year old in Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Do an internet search for ""age of consent in Indiana"" . The answer appears to be yes because the age that someone has the capacity to consent to sex is 16, but there also appear to be exceptions."
600	Q: Where can i find cases involving soc sec survivor's benefits approved when short 1 credit? i cannot find anything	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Social Security"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Try the CCH Socila Security Reporter.
601	"Q: I have a visitor's visa, it is for 90 days when i leave do i need to return to my own country? for How Long?"	"I would like to know if  at the end of  every 90 days i have to  return to UK or  am i able to just drive to  Canada and return back to US?  And for how long i need to be gone, before i can return"	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Camlinh Nguyen Rogers	Immigration Law Lawyer	A: Seek advice from an experienced immigration attorney. Good luck.  www.aba-us.com
602	Q: Are withholding taxes owed by a defunct C-corp that did business soley in Indiana owed by the officers of that corp?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: Possibly.  The Internal Revenue Code imposes liability for the failure to collect and pay withholding on ""responsible persons.""  Responsible persons can include officers, directors, shareholders, and others.  The test is not really the person's title but whether the he or she had a duty to account for, collect, and pay the taxes (and whether the person willfully failed to do so).  So a person who was an officer in name only, with no real responsibilities, should not be held liable.  But a person who was responsible for payroll would likely be held liable, regardless of the person's title."
603	"Q: When buying a home and placing in trust at closing, do you list the Warranty Deed as trust property?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	2	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: On second thought, is the trust supposed to be the owner of the property. That makes it much more complicated, and you need an attorney's advice for this, obviously to me."
604	Q: DO YOU HAVE TO FILE 1099 MISC	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Tax Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: In cases where you have paid a person or business more than $600 in a year, they are often required. There are exceptions so more detail about cases necessary to give a more direct answer."
605	Q: Does putting up a website make me subject to being sued in any state in the country?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Internet Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Not usually. You can always be sued in the jurisdiction where you are located. However, in general, you will only be liable in other states if you cause harm in the other state. This issue is discussed here: http://www.iniplaw.org/cgi-bin/mt-search.cgi?search=rodent&IncludeBlogs=559

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
606	Q: If another dog goes on my property and harass my dogs and they are on leads what can I do in the state of Indiana	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Animal / Dog Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: Call animal control in your city or county.
607	Q: Is there a reclaiming law for a domestic animal such as a dog in the state of Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Animal / Dog Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Please rephrase.  I do not understand your question.  Thank you
608	Q: Is it legal in INDIANA to own 2 corporations with the same name at the same time??? If so what are the statutes ???	We are trying to find out if it is legal in INDIANA to own 2 corporations with the same name at the same time??? If it is what are the statutes that allow said law.  EX: ABC Inc. and ABC Inc.	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: Indiana Code 23-1-23-1(b) says that the name of a corporation has to be distinguishable from the name of another corporation or other business entity organized in Indiana.  So, no, there should not be two Indiana corporations with the same name.  In fact, there should not be an Indiana corporation named ABC, Inc. and an Indiana LLC named ABC,LLC.  At least not at the same time.  Note that once a corporation or LLC is dissolved (either volutarily or administratively for failing to file business entity reports), the name is up for grabs.  That's one way a search for business names on the Indiana Secretary of State web site might turn up two corporations with the same name -- one current and one dissolved.  In addition, there may be a corporation organized under another state's laws with the same name as an Indiana corporation (and there's nothing to prevent them from being owned by the same person), but if the corporation from the other state (called a ""foreign corporation"") tries to register to do business in Indiana, the Secretary of State will require it to pick an assumed business name (i.e., a ""dba"") that is unique, so as to prevent confusion with the Indiana corporation.  I'm not sure, but I suspect a search of the Secretary of State's web site for the name of the Indiana corporation would also turn up the foreign corporation."
609	Q: What parts of the constitution affects business?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: the safe answer is that most if not all of the constitution affects buisness. i would need a little more specifics. if you are asking about employment law, indiana is an at will state. this means you can fire any employee for any reason so long as it is not for a constituitionally protected area like race, religion, age, ethnicity, sex or retaliation for exercising a right."
610	Q: I need to obtain education rights to my daughter her mother has custody but she has lived with me for 3 yrs	We have been to court so that i stop paying the mother support but nothing else	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: you should contact the lawyer that has been helping you with the prior court proceedings. if for whatever reason, you don't want to do that, you are welcome to call one of our domestic lawyers (nicole keith or adam sedia)and they can advise you. i don't do domestic cases but would think that a change of custody is your answer.  good luck."
611	Q: Neighbor's fence is on my property.  I want it removed.   Can I remove it if he doesn't?   Survey completed.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: All citizens first duty is to maintain the peace. If you can do by telling the encroaching neighbor about your plans, and they consent. You can exercise your right. If the neighbor declines, you should seek a judge's intervention by a declaratory judgment describing your rights or an injunction prohibiting your neighbor from interfering with your removal process.

Ultimately the question is, ""Who will the police through in jail for breaching the peace or violating a court order?"" Avoiding the wrong answer on that question makes everything else easier."
612	Q: Can I keep my house and car (continuing to make payments) and file bankruptcy	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: If you are current and within the available exemptions, you should be able to keep."
613	Q: Can litigation be handled in different courts in an auto accident with the car owner and injured driver being different?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Timothy J. Deffet	Personal Injury Lawyer	"A: If you are asking whether a car owner (who's vehicle has been damaged) and the person who drove the car owner's vehicle (who was personally injured in an accident that is someone's fault) can be handled as separate claims, the answer is yes. Sometimes a car owner may be sued for providing a car to someone he or she knows is a negligent driver and so they may also be sued."
614	"Q: If someone has pending case for two auto thefts ommitted to support his drug habit , could rehab be option to doc?"	He has no criminal  drug history at all. If so what steps need to be taken to help him with this?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: 1. Hire a private criminal defense attorney immediately. 2. Have a good explanation and true remorse.
615	Q: Do i have to settle if i already signed the papers at a mediation?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Arbitration / Mediation Law"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	"A: I wish you gave us some more information. However, assuming you participated in mediation and agreed at mediation to settle the case, then that settlement is binding. In other words, your question ""do I have to settle"" is moot because you already did. Of course, this answer assumes that the papers you signed confirm that the case was settled."
616	Q: Hi i want to know about a case of a person who have a charge of laceny by a person on wages.what can be happen.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: I do not understand this question. Is there a criminal case against someone? Is that you? This forum is for people who want to ask basic legal questions. Anyone who is charged with crime needs to get a criminal defense attorney on their side. Did you mean larceny? You need to give at least some basic facts about what has happened.
617	Q: A neighbor's tree leans on my building and has damaged the wall and roof. Who is responsible? Who pays to cut it down?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Your neighbor is responsible for the damage and you can trim it on your side.  You cannot cut it down on his side.  I suggest that you contact your homeowners insurance company.
618	Q: Is intestate settlement money taxable as income?	"I received a 10,000 intestate settlement for real estate in Alabama. Is the amount I received taxable as income by the state of Indiana?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Tax Law"	2	Zaher Fallahi	Tax Law Lawyer	"A: Your $10K is not taxable by any taxing authority. Good luck. Zaher Fallahi, Tax Attorney, CPA"
619	Q: Definition of Indiana mental illness	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Health Care Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: For purposes of health insurance, Indiana is one of three states in which a ""mental illness"" is defined by the insurance policy, not by state law.  Thus, the defintion depends on the particular policy.  FYI the other two states that take a similar apprach are Minnesota and New Mexico.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

318 891-1500"
620	Q: Can a mortgage provider prevent someone from selling their house on contract?	"How can I find an attorney to help me with setting up a contract with a party 

who wants to buy my house on contract?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	A: Google the name of your town followed by real estate lawyer.
621	"Q: I was written up for missing too much work after exercising my FMLA rights, eventually terminated. What are my options?"	"I was employed with a company for 16 months, having received 3 above average perforamnce evaluations and 2 promotions. I feel I was targeted for termination due to an incident earlier in the year where I had to go over my supervisor's head and report a sexual harassment complaint to the HR department. The things that followed led up to a written disciplinary report. I have never, in my 30+ years of employment, been written up, or disciplined for anything. The write up included other false statements that I was coerced into signing. I submitted a written rebuttal following week. I am awaiting a judge's decision on an appeal for unemployment benefits. However, I learned during the hearing that my professional reputation had also been assassinated. Is there anything I can do to rectify my reputation? Do I need to report the company for the discipline action filed because of my FLMA leave?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: although i personally do not do employment law, we have an excellent person in the office that does.  carla pyle - you are welcome to call her to ask.  there are no fees for just a phone call.  you can check her out on our website rubinoruman.com"
622	Q: Diabetic type 2 no lunch period	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: There is no question.  However, depending on the size of the employer, the company may be required to make a reasonable accomodation pursuant to the Americans With Disabilities Act and permit you to have a lunch."
623	"Q: If custodial parent leaves child with me in my home state for > 6mo, can i get custody changed in my state?"	"We have an order specifying vistiation. The custodial parent (my ex) has not gone by it at all (causing me not to see my daughter) now out of the blue she is bringing my daughter to stay with me in the state I live (different than where they live and where the order is) for 8 months. she is enrolling her in school here. After 6 months of my daughter living with me, do I have any grounds to get venue changed to my state and get custody of my daughter?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If your state has adopted the Uniform Child Custody Jurisdiction Act, probably."
624	Q: Can i file a lawsuit for mc donalds if i didnt break anything	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Yes, as long as you suffered some injury caused bu McDonalds breaching a duty of care to you."
625	Q: How do I get a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: To get a patent, you need to file a ""non-provisional"" patent application.  While legally, you are not required to use a patent attorney to file for a patent, the patent regulations are very complex, and most businesses and individuals use a patent attorney.  More information about the requirements for a patent application is at www.uspto.gov

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317-891-1500"
626	"Q: I need a template for a last will and testament for Marion County, IN, so I can prepare my will.  I am a senior citizen."	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Hi, so many people do not take care of business as you are doing.  I do not recommend a template as sometimes using one can cause unintended problems.  Contact:

Indiana Legal Services - Senior Law Project

151 N. Delaware Suite 1800

Indianapolis, In 46204

(800) 869-0212

I believe that they provide free or low fee legal services to seniors."
627	Q: How do I get a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: To get a patent, you need to file a ""non-provisional"" patent application. While legally, you are not required to use a patent attorney to file for a patent, the patent regulations are very complex, and most businesses and individuals use a patent attorney. More information about the requirements for a patent application is at www.uspto.gov

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
628	Q: I am wanting a divorce from my husand we have 2 kid he doesn't want to sign can we divorce with my signature?	2 kids living with family he wont leave can I make him?	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You can divorce without your spouse's consent.  It may take a bit longer, but if one spouse wants to divorce that is all that is needed.

If your home is owned by you and your spouse then he has a legal right to live in the house, just as you do.  Unless or until there is a court order (or some other legal justification) forcing him from the house, he has a right to be there.

Speak to a family law attorney about both processes."
629	Q: Do I Need a slander attorney?	"My husband was recently accused of racial discrimination at work. After an investigation, he was cleared of all wrong doing.  Now, the guy who made the claim is trying to sue us through civil court.  Do we have a case for slander or defamation? We do have documentation that he is making untrue statements directed right at my husband."	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: most importantly, you need to defend the civil case. in that case your lawyer may chose to assert a counterclaim on your husband's behalf against the accuser.  there is strategy involved in doing so or not and your lawyer may think it better not to.  he/she is in the best position to guide you on this and you should trust the advice. false accusations can be but are not always defamation ( slander is verbal and libel is written defamtion). simply, defamation is something communicated that is untrue that causes damage. sometimes damage is presumed and there are some instances where there is a privilege (protection) or qualified privilege to defame.  your lawyer will know all of this. being the victim of a wrongful accusation is a very troubling thing but rest assured that the people that count will judge your husband by the person he is.  good luck and god bless the both of you."
630	Q: Who has the legal authority to assign my mortgage to a Loan Pool or REMIC?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: As a general principle of contract law, a signator of a contract can assign either his rights or duties. That does not mean that the assignment discharges the assignor (I.e., person assigning the contract) from liability for breach of contract issues."
631	Q: Are invention promotion companies  reliable and trustworthy?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: This can't be answered in the abstract - some companies are legitimate and some do a very poor job. No. The Patent Office publishes complaints regarding invention promoters and replies from the invention promoters.  Questions or complaints can be sent to Mail Stop 24; Director of the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office; P.O. Box 1450; Alexandria, VA 22313-1450 or call at (703) 306-5568.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
632	Q: I have been slandered by someone on facebook.  Should I sue?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: To some extent, the answer depends on what the nature of the false statement is and how you have been damaged.  Based on the limited information provided, I cannot be any more specific."
633	Q: Im a reserved police officer and I work full time for an auto part store that the policy states that i cant carry weapon	In the store or in my car	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: You didn't ask a question.
634	"Q: Filed Bankruptcy in 2005 an had a letter in the mail saying ""order to renew default Judgement"" how to i handle this"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: The solution has many variables so you will need to consult a lawyer. The key question is whether the judgment creditor received no notice of your bankruptcy. There are exceptions to this requirement. If the creditor received notice, the creditor could be subject to contempt of court."
635	Q: If you have children in a marraiage can they be adopted because I HAD SOME MEDICAL ISSUES and i did have costudy of the	And the grandparents had gaurdianship over them so the judge let there daughter and son- in law adopt them	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: There are circumstances where an adoption could have taken place.  However, whether you were given due process is far too complex of an issue for this public forum.  You need to consult with a local attorney."
636	"Q: Signed a 24 mo lease agreement on May 1, 2012.  Approx.  5 wks later the owner had listed the house for sale.  What next"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: The rules of real estate are based on seniority of ownership interest. Often purchasers of rental homes want the tenant. The income stream enhances the value of the real estate as an income-producing property. If they do let you stay, they should ask you to sign a ""certificate of attornment."" It is a document that switches your allegiance from the previous landlord to the new one. 

If they do not wish to keep you in the property, you can have problems. Consult a lawyer, but be prepared for less than good news."
637	Q: I am an addiction recovery coach and have retired from an organization.  I would like to go into private practise.	Am I allowed to bring my former clients to my new practise?	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: First step is to see what documents you may have signed that would restrict you from doing this.  Even if there are no documents, you should check with a local business lawyer to make sure would not be violating Indiana laws. 

Please Take Notice: I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is general information that is given for legal education only. It is not legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents. I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience. I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
638	Q: I signed a contract to sell a house the other party has not signed it after 30 days is that contract still valid?	"they offered me $7,000 for a house. i said $9,000. and signed the papers and the owner needs to approve the $9,000 amount and its been over 30 days now. is that offer still valid in Indiana?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: Check with a local real estate agent or lawyer.  Generally speaking, n many states, under general contact law, an offer can be revoked (best to do so in writing) before it is accepted by the other party. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is general information that is given for legal education only. It is not legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
639	Q: Don't you have to go to court before your wages are garnished?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: no. it is probably more common that a person doesn't actually go to court before a garnishment occurs. a person gets sued, doesn't answer the complaint and summons within the required time, the suing party obtains a default judgment and files a proceedings supplemental naming the judgment debtors employer and gets a garnishment order."
640	Q: How can I get appointed as personal representative in Hamilton County Indiana when deceased died intestate.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Probate"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: Hire a lawyer and petition the court to open the estate for an intestate decedent. The procedure is the same. The difference comes in who is likely to be appointed by the judge to administer the affairs. With a will, the listed administrator is the most likely to be appointed by the judge. 

If no will exists, then the law has preferred list of candidates. Spouses, children, parents, siblings, interested parties, then creditors."
641	"Q: I want to use pictures on my website, but don't want to pay for them. The bloggers don't seem to pay - why should I?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: The safest answer is that if you pay the copyright holder, you will have a license and will not be subject to being sued by the copyright owner. The bloggers could be at risk of being sued. However, there is a a great deal of public domain material on the internet that you can use free of charge. You can also buy CDs of artwork that includes a license to use the pictures on websites.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
642	Q: Can a chapter7 bankruptcy be issue without the debtor being present?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: In an Involuntary case Debtor appearance is not required, unless you wish to fight it.  Most cases are voluntary and Debtor attendance is required during the meeting of creditors.  If all goes well, that is generally the only appearance required.  There is a jurisdictional requirement that you reside in the jurisdiction for at least six months prior to filing and other requirements to be able to use the state's exemptions.

If for some reason appearance at the meeting of creditors is not possible (i.e. incarceration or medically unable), then a hearing case be held, authorizing someone else, who can answer questions about your finances."
643	Q: How can a deaf person submit himself for cross examination	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: this is done by an interperter/ sign language expert. i have had the priviledge of representing many deaf people. life is challenging for them but they are some of the most genuine and industrious people you can meet.
644	Q: My ex was court ordered to pay 87% of the child care 2 months ago.  He hasn't paid any of it.  How do I enforce?	"I am in contempt by not putting utilities and such in my name but I haven't been able to afford it due to paying $1,200 a month in child care by myself.  He's trying to appeal the part of the final order where the judge gives me equity so I don't know if his money is tied up in legal fees or what."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: A cross petition to the contempt motion would have been the best thing to do. But failing to abide by a court order by any party can bring contempt sanctions. If you don't bring it up to the court, the court won't know about it. A motion for a Rule to Show Casue (i.e. contempt) is the means to enforce a court order. 

Best of luck!"
645	Q: Must divorce attorney be from my county of residence?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Absolutely not.  You can hire any lawyer you wish.  He or she just needs to be licensed to practice in your state.

JR Emerson

JR Emerson"
646	Q: I need to know what paperwork I need to file in order to gain emergency child custody of my grandchildren.Please let me	Hi I need to know what paperwork I need to file in order to gain emergency child custody of my grandchildren. I currently have a court case for permanent custody but because of a dangerous situation that happened this past weekend I need to be able to have custody of the children now for their own safety. Please let me know how to get the paper work that needs to be filled out and where I need to go and file it.	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	1	Burton A. Padove	Divorce Lawyer	"A: You have two options.  If you have a case pending for custody, you can file for an emergency hearing in that matter.  There is no template form that I am aware of, so you will need to hire an attorney to represent you or to draft the paper work and advise you how to obtain a hearing date."
647	Q: How do I get a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: To get a patent, you need to file a ""non-provisional"" patent application. While legally, you are not required to use a patent attorney to file for a patent, the patent regulations are very complex, and most businesses and individuals use a patent attorney. More information about the requirements for a patent application is at www.uspto.gov

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
648	Q: Does drawing out your 401 count against your unemployment	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Public Benefits"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: the answer depends in part on how much your employer contributed.  Bottomline, is there may be a small impact."
649	Q: Are there other options for those who have an admissibility bar?	"My husband has multiple entries, 1995, 1996 and 2004. (each time he left for a month and returned to US) He has since remained.  He has never been detained by immigration and our lawyer did a finger print check and there isn't any on file.  He has no criminal history.   

Since the time bar law didn’t go into effect until April 1, 1997 and my husband's first departure/reentry was in 1996... does that make a difference?   I was told if he only had one departure/entry he could apply for status without and admissibility bar.   

Our lawyer told us that the only option was to return to Mexico for 10 years and then apply for a waiver.   We’ve been together for 20 years and we have an 18 year old son.  Our family, friends and home are all here.  With all of the violence in Mexico, we can’t imagine living there."	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: There are always ways and waivers to tackle any immigration situation. You just need to find the right immigration attorney. Many immigration attorneys including me offer free consultations, make use of the consultations and talk to an attorney soon. All the best.  

-Shan Potts  

Like our facebook page for regular immigration and visa updates - www.facebook.com/pottsmartinez  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
650	Q: Why is my childrens mother not being held in contempt of court for not obeying an order?	There is a current order for visitation. i have taken the mother of my children to court many times over the last five years. nothing has ever been done. she does not comply with the order and i miss my kids.	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You have to keep bringing her into court until you obtain an order that the court enforces.  Without having the benefit of knowing all of the circumstances of your case, that is as good of an answer that I can give.

Also. depending on all of the circumstances, you may be able to seek prosecution from your local deputy prosecutor."
651	Q: I hired someone to put a roof on my house and they were working for a roofing company but they decided to do the work on	The side. He put on a rook and a flat roof and now my room with the flat roof is ruined because it leaked. The insurance adjustor said it was installed wrong. I spoke with the guy that put on roof and he said he would pay for the cost of the new flat roof that I had put on. I told him that he could make payments if he needed to (I paid him for my roof in full). Now he is not paying and says that it isn't his fault. Do I have grounds to take him to small claims court to collect the money that he verbally agreed to pay me?	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Yes.  I suggest that you obtain an affidavit from the insuranc adjustor or subpooena that person for trial.  Good luck.
652	Q: We live in CA. My 14 yr old son is charged with 2 felonies in IN. I am unemployed and broke. How do i get him a lawyer?	We have been summoned to appear at the initial hearing in IN re: the petition for delinquency. What steps do I take to get him represented by a lawyer?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: If he's charged with felonies, he's either an ""automatic"" because of an armed robbery or a murder  . . or he was waived because he's been in so much trouble as a juvenile, the juvenile court is convinced there is nothing it can do for him.

At his first court appearance, he needs to advise the Court that he can't afford an attorney.  The judge will ask some questions, and will either appoint counsel for him or not.  Understand, if you post a substantial amount of bail for him [if it's one of the counties that allow you to post 10% cash], the Court MAY terminate the public defender and have you pay for private counsel.  If this might happen, make it clear [if it is in fact true] that the money is YOURS as a loan and that you need it when it finally gets returned.  This MIGHT convince the judge to keep the PD in the case."
653	Q: How can I protect a new recipe I have come up with for barbeque sauce? It is really good.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	3	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The best way to protect a recipe would, in theory, be through a patent. However, this could be difficult for two reasons. First, ""non-obviousness"" is required for a patent, and the Patent Office may consider your ingredients to be ""obvious,"" and hence unpatentable. Second, in considering patent protection, you have to think about whether you would be able to detect infringers. As a practical matter, how would you know if someone else's sauce used your recipe. Most people would stick to trademark and/or trade secret protection to protect a barbeque sauce. Consult with a good IP attorney.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
654	"Q: If the person who has custody of the child gets a divorce but child stays with step mom, is that legal?"	"My ex got custody of our oldest daughter and has had for about  2 1/2 years. They will not allow me contact with her, even tho our court papers says I get every other weekend, holiday and every Wednesday. With all that being said I just recently found out that the father and step-mom have divorced and my daughter is living with the step mom, and has been for a little over a year. Our court papers stat that if the custodial parents separate or divorce then the child goes with the biological parent, meaning her Father since he is the one who has the custody of her Would this be terms for me to automatically get her back? Does her step  mother have any rights to her since they are divorced? Please help!!!"	"Related Topics:
            
            DivorceFamily Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: Go to see a local family attorney about this.
655	"Q: I deal in mechanical fixtures, and I found a Chinese supplier that is much cheaper,"	And make products that look almost identical to the US ones I now sell. Can I get in trouble if I switch to the Chinese supplier?	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You should take care that the fixtures do not look so similar to the originals, that consumers are confused. This could lead to a claim for trade dress, or possibly design patent, infringement. These issues are discussed here; http://www.iniplaw.org/2010/11/connecticut-electric-sues-paci.html

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
656	Q: Can charges be filed against an individual who is spreading lies constantly?	"I live in Indianapolis, IN and I have a female friend that I have been with intimately very seldom over the past two years. She also dated a guy who is very jealous of her because she does not want to be with him.  This nut has been spreading lies about me for many years but I don't let him get to me.  But last year he told some women that I know that I have HIV.  That was the last straw for me so I finally confronted him and predictably he denied ever saying anything like that about me.  The friend whom I mentioned in the beginning of this text informed me today that he followed a date she was with into the bathroom and told this guy that she had AIDS.  He e-mailed her the next day and told her that she got it from me.  Neither of us has any kind of STD. I informed her that there has got to be some legal remedy for something like this.  Can you please give me some guidance so I can share it with her.  Is there any legal recourse?  Thanks!"	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Yes, there is legal recourse.  YOu ca nsue him for defamation.  You also may be able to obtain a restraining order."
657	"Q: In the state of Indiana, can I find out the status of my divorce online and can I assume all debt and then file Chapt 7?"	"The divorce is uncontested. The settlement will split some debt in court but I know my ex cannot pay anything. I would like to assume the debt and move on or it will be a painful volitile situation. I am having a protective order issued, as it is and want no further contact of any kind with him. I would like to assume the debt then file Chapt. 7. Most debt was in my name anyway as he had no job and no way to pay most of the 20 years we were married. Also, he was arrested in 2002 for misdemeaner drug charge. Will the judge see this? I would hope so. What information does the judge see?

Content added on January 3rd, 2011 at 12:03 PM

Thank you for the answer. I also received the confirmation of what you stated from the court. It actually assisted my situation in a fair manner so I appreciate it."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You may or may not be able to see the status of your divorce online, depending on what county your case is in. A chapter 7 will release you from marital and your own debts only, not him.  The judge sees what information you present to him or her subject to the rules of evidence."
658	"Q: My son was hit while driving my car. Can I sue for property damage, seperately, while he sues for injury expenses?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Timothy J. Deffet	Personal Injury Lawyer	A: Yes but usually they will be consolidated or brought together to save judicial resources.
659	Q: How do I find the judicial commission number for united states district judges in ft. wayne indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: The number? Why would you need that? Are you talking about a phone number? You can probably look that up on the internet.
660	"Q: I am a devise in a piece of real estae in Indiana.  The value of the property is $90,000.  The property was owned by two"	"Sister (my aunts) and one brother (my uncle) as tennants in common and each owned one third of the property..  All three are now deceased.  My uncle's share passed by his will to his 5 children (they will divide $30,000 between the five children.  One sister (my aunt) left her one third interest to her church.  The final third belonging to the last sister (my aunt) was left by intestate succession.  She was never married and had no children.  She had 4 brothers who were all deceased at the time of her death.  Each of her deceased brothers (one of whom is my dad) each have living children.  So each deceased brother's children will share in a 1/4 of 1/3 interest in the property.  My question concerns the 1/4 of 1/3 interest that represents my dad's interest (again he is deceased) so his children (four of us) will share the $7,500 interest or $1,875 each.  If one of my father's children disclaims their interest -- who would share in their disclaimed interest of $1,875"	"Related Topics:
            
            Probate"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: attorney burt padove's answer is correct. it is a very interesting question that you pose. in discussing this with my partner steve sersic at rubino ruman we believe that the disclaimed share will revert back to the estate of the aunt.
661	Q: Can a creditor attached a lien to a property that is being deeded back to the lender and then begins to garnish wages?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Liens can attach at any time before a bankruptcy petition filing, without regard to garnishment.  The only lien avoided by a deed back to the lender is the lender's mortgage."
662	Q: Is it required by Indiana state law to have at least two bedrooms in my home by the time my child reaches age one?	My girlfriend and I just had our first child. We planned to move into a one-bedroom house for about a year until we can afford something bigger. My landlord says that state law requires that we move into a 2-bedroom by the time our daughter is one year old. Is this really the law?	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: Probably not. How could that be enforced? Such a law might well be unconstitutional.
663	Q: How can I protect a new recipe I have come up with for barbeque sauce? It is really good.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	3	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The best way to protect a recipe would, in theory, be through a patent. However, this could be difficult for two reasons. First, ""non-obviousness"" is required for a patent, and the Patent Office may consider your ingredients to be ""obvious,"" and hence unpatentable. Second, in considering patent protection, you have to think about whether you would be able to detect infringers. As a practical matter, how would you know if someone else's sauce used your recipe. Most people would stick to trademark and/or trade secret protection to protect a barbeque sauce. Consult with a good IP attorney.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
664	"Q: Who is the best lawyer in the South Bend, Mishawaka, IN area for a person accused of child molestation?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: You have to find that out for yourself. And the best way to do that is to speak with a number of local attorneys.
665	Q: When someone jumps off a river boat; are they guilty of some type of endangerment?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: there aren't enough facts to give you a precise answer.  although the person may be guilty of stupidity depending on the circumstances it doesn't sound like a criminal offense.  of course there might be public intoxication, disturbing the peace, etc depending on what was involved.  hope this helps."
666	Q: Can I make payment arrangements on a judgement that is already on my credit since 2011 and now want to garnish wages?	Court date in September but I will be moving out of state if they don't accept the offer I wanted to emergency bankruptcy but leave in three week?	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	2	Kevin W. Chern Esq.	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: You can request a payment arrangement, but the creditor is under no obligation to enter into an agreement with you. Since the debt is a few years old, they may be reluctant to work with you if you haven't made an effort to make payment in the past. 

If you're considering filing for bankruptcy, you could benefit from speaking with an attorney in your current location and in the jurisdiction you're relocating to. Although bankruptcy is federal, there are some differences from state to state that might make it wiser for you to file in one state or the other. Time restrictions may also apply based on the move. So, it would be well worth your while to explore these options with an attorney who practices in both jurisdictions or with attorneys in each jurisdiction before taking any action. 

*Kevin Chern is an Illinois licensed attorney who has practiced in federal consumer bankruptcy law and consumer protection law for the last 21 years.  He is the Managing Partner of UpRight Law.  Kevin's law partners are licensed in all 50 states and work in conjunction with Mr. Chern to provide bankruptcy and consumer legal services in all 50 states.  Mr. Chern's answers to the questions are intended for informational purposes only and are not intended to be legal advice.  Use of the answers does not establish any attorney-client relationship.  For legal advice, you should consult with an attorney licensed to practice law in your state and with appropriate expertise."
667	Q: Possible and maximum penalties for theses charges?	"Hello! Recently a friend of mine has been charged with sexual battery and confinement. He is 18 years old and had the encounter with a 17 year old girl that he has been friends with for an extended period of time. They had been meeting a lot in the previous weeks and so he tried to engage in sexual acts with her. However, the sexual acts were minor and involved no penetration, injury, or anytime of bondage. Also, shortly after the encounter he received messages from her saying: ""I should have stopped but I didn't, I'm sorry I feel awful"". Could these messages from her significantly help his case? If so, what is your prediction on the charges that he could face?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: This link might help. A third person asking a question on an internet forum is not the way to get the complete legal advice that a person charged with crime needs. The best thing to do is for the person to go see a private criminal defense attorney who has practiced for decades. http://www.criminaldefenselawyer.com/resources/criminal-defense/felony-offense/indiana-felony-class.htm
668	Q: I have a 17 year old son who turns 18 in June.  He has bipolar disorder can I gain guardianship of him once he is 18.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Does his bipolar disorder render him ""incapacitated?""  This usually needs to be proven by medical/psychological expert testimony.  In other words, will his psychologist/psychiatrist testify, under oath, that he meets the criteria under the following statute, to a reasonable degree of medical certainty?

IC 29-3-1-7.5   Incapacitated person

""Incapacitated person"" means an individual who:

(1) cannot be located upon reasonable inquiry;

(2) is unable:

(A) to manage in whole or in part the individual's property;

(B) to provide self-care; or

(C) both;

because of insanity, mental illness, mental deficiency, physical illness, infirmity, habitual drunkenness, excessive use of drugs, incarceration, confinement, detention, duress, fraud, undue influence of others on the individual, or other incapacity; or

(3) has a developmental disability (as defined in IC 12-7-2-61).

IC 29-3-5-2    Appointment of guardian before adjudication of incapacity or minority

A guardian may not be appointed for an incapacitated person or a minor under this chapter until the incapacity or minority has been adjudicated.

IC 29-3-5-3  Findings; appointment of guardian; limited guardianship; protective orders

(a) Except under subsection (c), if it is alleged and the court finds that:

(1) the individual for whom the guardian is sought is an incapacitated person or a minor; and

(2) the appointment of a guardian is necessary as a means of providing care and supervision of the physical person or property of the incapacitated person or minor;

the court shall appoint a guardian under this chapter.

(b) If it is alleged and the court finds that the welfare of an incapacitated person would be best served by limiting the scope of the guardianship, the court shall make the appointive or other orders under this chapter to:

(1) encourage development of the incapacitated person's self-improvement, self-reliance, and independence; and

(2) contribute to the incapacitated person's living as normal a life as that person's condition and circumstances permit without psychological or physical harm to the incapacitated person.

(c) If the court finds that it is not in the best interests of the incapacitated person or minor to appoint a guardian, the court may:

(1) treat the petition as one for a protective order and proceed accordingly;

(2) enter any other appropriate order; or

(3) dismiss the proceedings.

IC 29-3-5-4   Considerations for appointment of guardian

The court shall appoint as guardian a qualified person or persons most suitable and willing to serve, having due regard to the following:

(1) Any request made by a person alleged to be an incapacitated person, including designations in a durable power of attorney under IC 30-5-3-4(a).

(2) Any request contained in a will or other written instrument.

(3) Any request made by a minor who is at least fourteen (14) years of age.

(4) Any request made by the spouse of the alleged incapacitated person.

(5) The relationship of the proposed guardian to the individual for whom guardianship is sought.

(6) Any person acting for the incapacitated person under a durable power of attorney.

(7) The best interest of the incapacitated person or minor and the property of the incapacitated person or minor.

IC 29-3-5-5 Consideration for appointment of guardian; order of consideration; priorities

a) The following are entitled to consideration for appointment as a guardian under section 4 of this chapter in the order listed:

(1) A person designated in a durable power of attorney.

(2) The spouse of an incapacitated person.

(3) An adult child of an incapacitated person.

(4) A parent of an incapacitated person, or a person nominated by will of a deceased parent of an incapacitated person or by any writing signed by a parent of an incapacitated person and attested to by at least two (2) witnesses.

(5) Any person related to an incapacitated person by blood or marriage with whom the incapacitated person has resided for more than six (6) months before the filing of the petition.

(6) A person nominated by the incapacitated person who is caring for or paying for the care of the incapacitated person.

(b) With respect to persons having equal priority, the court shall select the person it considers best qualified to serve as guardian. The court, acting in the best interest of the incapacitated person or minor, may pass over a person having priority and appoint a person having a lower priority or no priority under this section."
669	Q: Is there such a thing as 3 way custody in Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	1	Burton A. Padove	Divorce Lawyer	"A: I am unfamiliar with that term.  However, Indiana does allow for third parties to have custodial rights, so in theory each biological parent could have custody along with a defacto custodian"
670	"Q: My ex sold house on a short sale, I filed a quit claim deed, now he is trying to say I owe half of taxes from form 1099c"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Tax Law"	1	Zaher Fallahi	Tax Law Lawyer	"A: If you co-owned the property, you would be responsible for 1/2 of the income reported as canceled debt by lender. If your quit claim or gift to her was conditioned upon her payimng the applicable txaes for you, that is a separte contrcat between you two and not valid for the IRS purposes. Although you may have cause of action against wife to recover."
671	Q: How do i get a hardship license in indiana. i was hit by a driver who ran a red light it was his fault but i had no insu	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Burton A. Padove	Personal Injury Lawyer	"A: Indiana has a complex hardship procedure. Since having a drivers license is a very important privilege and may be a necessity for you and/or your family, I suggest that you hire counsel."
672	Q: How long does a prosecutor have to file chargers? something happened 6 yrs ago and they just now filed charges	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: The answer depends on what the alleged crime is.  The amount of time can be found in Indiana Code 35-41-4-2.
673	"Q: Filed for divorce she won't move, can I just move her stuff out and then not let her back in? She's not on deed, 4 yr m"	"married 4 yrs her name not on deed I built house before we married, she threw me out, she can't pay bills or mortgage"	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: Get an attorney on your side of this matter. No, you should probably not do as you ask. You need more than an answer to a basic legal question."
674	Q: How can I protect a new recipe I have come up with for barbeque sauce? It is really good.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	3	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The best way to protect a recipe would, in theory, be through a patent. However, this could be difficult for two reasons. First, ""non-obviousness"" is required for a patent, and the Patent Office may consider your ingredients to be ""obvious,"" and hence unpatentable. Second, in considering patent protection, you have to think about whether you would be able to detect infringers. As a practical matter, how would you know if someone else's sauce used your recipe. Most people would stick to trademark and/or trade secret protection to protect a barbeque sauce. Consult with a good IP attorney.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
675	Q: On probation and got a p.i charge and was on probation for intimadation and they put a warrent out for me what do i do?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: get some bond money together and contact a criminal lawyer in your area.
676	"Q: If a friend and I work together to make an invention, to whom will the patent be granted?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: If both you and your friend  had a share in the ideas forming the invention as defined in the claims – even if only as to one claim, you  are joint inventors and a patent will be issued to them jointly on the basis of a proper patent application. If, on the other hand, one of these persons has provided all of the ideas of the invention, and the other has only followed instructions in making it, the person who contributed the ideas is the sole inventor and the patent application and patent shall be in his/her name alone.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
677	"Q: I am a devise in a piece of real estae in Indiana.  The value of the property is $90,000.  The property was owned by two"	"Sister (my aunts) and one brother (my uncle) as tennants in common and each owned one third of the property..  All three are now deceased.  My uncle's share passed by his will to his 5 children (they will divide $30,000 between the five children.  One sister (my aunt) left her one third interest to her church.  The final third belonging to the last sister (my aunt) was left by intestate succession.  She was never married and had no children.  She had 4 brothers who were all deceased at the time of her death.  Each of her deceased brothers (one of whom is my dad) each have living children.  So each deceased brother's children will share in a 1/4 of 1/3 interest in the property.  My question concerns the 1/4 of 1/3 interest that represents my dad's interest (again he is deceased) so his children (four of us) will share the $7,500 interest or $1,875 each.  If one of my father's children disclaims their interest -- who would share in their disclaimed interest of $1,875"	"Related Topics:
            
            Probate"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: I beleive that your sibs do as she is disclaiming your father's share only.  Also, thank you for providing a clear picture of a complicated fact pattern."
678	Q: Will the Patent Office recommend a patent attorney to help protect my invention?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: No, the Patent Office will not make this choice for you. However, a general attorney may help you in making a selection from among those listed as registered practitioners on the Office roster. Also, some bar associations operate lawyer referral services that maintain lists of patent lawyers available to accept new clients.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
679	"Q: When filing pro se, what additional forms do we need to file annually with the psew in Indiana?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Support"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: i don't know what you mean by ""psew"" nbut typically pro se simply means that the person who is a party is the one who is representing his or herself."
680	Q: Where do i find the federal requlations  for a priviate child support agency to do a wage withholding	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: I beleive that you are looking for 5 C.F.R. PART 581—PROCESSING GARNISHMENT ORDERS FOR CHILD SUPPORT AND/OR ALIMONY
681	Q: Charged with Class D Felony for Theft. Friend lied to me and said we had permission to take the scrap metal.	"I was asked by my friend to go ""scrapping""(collecting metal and taking it to a scrap yard for money) with him. He drove me to a property where he claimed he had permission from the owners to take the scrap metal off their property and take it to the scrap yard. So me and my friend started loading it into his truck. Shortly after, the neighbors showed up and called the police because they said we were stealing it illegally. Me and my friend went to jail and got charged with a class D felony for Theft. Like i said, i had no idea that we were doing it illegally. My ""friend"" had lied to me about having permission just to get me to help him do it. I am asking for someone's help and advice on what i should do and if there is anyway i can get out of this charge that i should NOT have. I believe my ""friend""  will admit to him lying to me about having permission and tell them that i had no idea we were doing it illegally. Please someone get back to me as soon as possible. Thanks."	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: To be convicted in Indiana, you either have to KNOWINGLY OR INTENTIONALLY ""exert control"" over someone else's property WITHOUT permission.

However, understand, that theft is very often based on circumstantial evidence .. . so if you have, for example, snuck under a security fence because your pal told you HIS property was inside the fence .. . most ""reasonable"" people would conclude that you had a very good idea that what you were doing was wrong.

Here are the relevant Indiana statutes:

IC 35-43-4-1    Definitions

Sec. 1. (a) As used in this chapter, ""exert control over property"" means to obtain, take, carry, drive, lead away, conceal, abandon, sell, convey, encumber, or possess property, or to secure, transfer, or extend a right to property.

(b) Under this chapter, a person's control over property of another person is ""unauthorized"" if it is exerted:

(1) without the other person's consent;

(2) in a manner or to an extent other than that to which the other person has consented;

(3) by transferring or encumbering other property while failing to disclose a lien, adverse claim, or other legal impediment to the enjoyment of that other property;

(4) by creating or confirming a false impression in the other person;

(5) by failing to correct a false impression that the person knows is influencing the other person, if the person stands in a relationship of special trust to the other person;

(6) by promising performance that the person knows will not be performed;

(7) by expressing an intention to damage the property or impair the rights of any other person; or

(8) by transferring or reproducing:

(A) recorded sounds; or

(B) a live performance;

without consent of the owner of the master recording or the live performance, with intent to distribute the reproductions for a profit.

(c) As used in this chapter, ""receiving"" means acquiring possession or control of or title to property, or lending on the security of property.

IC 35-43-4-2    Theft; receiving stolen property

Sec. 2. (a) A person who knowingly or intentionally exerts unauthorized control over property of another person, with intent to deprive the other person of any part of its value or use, commits theft, a Class D felony. However, the offense is a Class C felony if:

(1) the fair market value of the property is at least one hundred thousand dollars ($100,000); or

(2) the property that is the subject of the theft is a valuable metal (as defined in IC 25-37.5-1-1) and:

(A) relates to transportation safety;

(B) relates to public safety; or

(C) is taken from a:

(i) hospital or other health care facility;

(ii) telecommunications provider;

(iii) public utility (as defined in IC 32-24-1-5.9(a)); or

(iv) key facility;

and the absence of the property creates a substantial risk of bodily injury to a person."
682	Q: Motion of Contempt in Indiana State	"I just filed (Motion of contempt for parenting and visitation order)few days ago. How long is the response time? Im the petitioner, and the x-wifey violated the court order. Can she be punished if found at fault?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: There is no response time.  The matter will be set for a hearing if you requested a hearing date.  She could be found in contempt of court and sanctioned.  Exactly what the punishment will be is up to the judge.
683	"Q: Would a notarized Temporary Guardianship Agreement, allow me to put my grandson in daycare? Is it a binding document?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: You want advice about a document without letting the attorney read it? Go see a local family attorney for a full discussion.
684	Q: CAN I REMOVE A NAME FROM A DEED WITH A DEATH CERTIFICATE	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: I'm guessing that you are talking about property that was held in joint tenancy with right of survivorship.  One of the joint tenants died, and now the property is owned by the surviving joint tenant.  If that's the case, the surviving joint tenant can sign a document called an affidavit of survivorship and have it recorded in the county recorder's office.  That will ""clean up"" the title record so the survivor can sell the property.  But if my guess about the details of your question is wrong, the answer could be very different."
685	Q: Does anyone know when the settlement checks for the williams vs rohm & haas  class action suit will be issued?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Consumer Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You might try contacting one or more of the following lawfirms:

Douglas R. Sprong

Steven A. Katz

Korein Tillery, LLC

One U.S. Bank Plaza

505 North 7th Street, Suite 3600

St. Louis, Missouri 63101

314-241-4844

William K. Carr

Law Offices of William K. Carr

2222 East Tennessee Avenue

Denver, Colorado 80209

303-296-6383

Lee A. Freeman, Jr.

James T. Malysiak

Freeman, Freeman & Salzman, P.C.

401 North Michigan Avenue

Suite 3200

Chicago, Illinois 60611

312-222-5100

T. J. Smith

Law Offices of T.J. Smith

600 West Main Street

Suite 100

Louisville, Kentucky 40202

502-589-2560"
686	Q: Can I copyright my website?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Assuming you created the website yourself, yes, you can copyright a website by using Copyright application form TX or by filing on-line. However, most business websites are created by website development companies. Unless they assign the copyrights in the website to you, they own it not you. Also, you should take care to ensure that you do not exaggerate what aspects of the website you claim to own, such as stock photos taken by someone else.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
687	Q: Is  it  possible  to  get  a  divorce  with  out  knowing  where  the  other  person  is?	We  have  been   seprated   now  for  more then  a year  with  no  contact would  also like  to  know  if  there  is  a  program   close  to  me  that  helps  with  legal  fees	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Very difficult.  If you KNOW the community he/she is in, you can serve them via publication under Trial Rule 4.13

http://www.in.gov/judiciary/rules/trial_proc/index.html#_Toc313019761

Is there any property to distribute?  And children?  Those issues can complicate matters.

Hard to tell you if there is a legal aid program in your community if I don't know where your community is.  You might try to contact the county bar association where you live, or even the Indiana State bar association."
688	Q: What do I have to do to move out of state with my 2 year old son? There is NO court order on visitations.	There is only a court order for child support which he does NOT pay. I have been offered a job out of state and before I take it I wanna know my rights.	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	1	Burton A. Padove	Divorce Lawyer	"A: You will probably need to hire a lawyer.  Even though there is no existing order, the Indiana Relocation Statute applies.  I am posting it for your benefit and direct your attention to IC 31-17-2.2-1(2)

IC 31-17-2.2-1

Notice of intent to move residence; modifying orders; attorney's fees

Sec. 1. (a) A relocating individual must file a notice of the intent to move with the clerk of the court that:

(1) issued the custody order or parenting time order; or

(2) if subdivision (1) does not apply, has jurisdiction over the legal proceedings concerning the custody of or parenting time with a child;

and send a copy of the notice to any nonrelocating individual.

(b) Upon motion of a party, the court shall set the matter for a hearing to review and modify, if appropriate, a custody order, parenting time order, grandparent visitation order, or child support order. The court shall take into account the following in determining whether to modify a custody order, parenting time order, grandparent visitation order, or child support order:

(1) The distance involved in the proposed change of residence.

(2) The hardship and expense involved for the nonrelocating individual to exercise parenting time or grandparent visitation.

(3) The feasibility of preserving the relationship between the nonrelocating individual and the child through suitable parenting time and grandparent visitation arrangements, including consideration of the financial circumstances of the parties.

(4) Whether there is an established pattern of conduct by the relocating individual, including actions by the relocating individual to either promote or thwart a nonrelocating individual's contact with the child.

(5) The reasons provided by the:

(A) relocating individual for seeking relocation; and

(B) nonrelocating parent for opposing the relocation of the child.

(6) Other factors affecting the best interest of the child.

(c) The court may award reasonable attorney's fees for a motion filed under this section in accordance with IC 31-15-10."
689	Q: My ex wife is filling bankruptcy andI need to know if she can file against money owed me from her retirement?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You are not a creditor so the answer is no.  You already own the interest in her QDRO
690	"Q: If paternity has not been established for a child and the father is deceased, can the paternal grandmother take custody?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Under certain circumstances, yes.  For example, if the child lived with the paternal grandmother even though paternity was not established, she may be considered to be a de facto custodian and would have rights under Indiana Law."
691	Q: I have a great plot for a James Bond novel / movie.  Am I safe to write it without getting sued?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: Why you could probably write it without getting sued, if you wanted to publish, license, or sell the rights, you would need to get permission from the owner of the James Bond copyrights.  At the present time, I believe MGM owns those rights. However, they are in finanical difficulty and may have  to sell those rights to survive.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
692	Q: I want to know what is the age a child can speak for herself that she doesn't want to go to father's house for visits?	"My daughter's father is repeatedly bad-mouthing and slandering me in our child's eyes. She has heard him threaten to kill her and me. He has a drinking problem; but he is also a detective. I have attempted to talk to his superiors-even spoke directly with the mayor of our city(of which he is head bodyguard); but to no avail. He continues to advance in the department and meanwhile continues to speak badly of me. My daughter no longer wishes to be alone with him and would prefer not to be forced to visit him half the summer and every other weekend and one day per week during the school year. The issue is that the really terrible things that he says occurs when she is alone with him or when he speaks to his parents in her presence, not in front of me. She made it clear to him this summer that she wanted to come home and not be at his house. His parents rescued her from his home and she broke down in tears relating to them the horrible things he says to her about me."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: he should be ashamed of his conduct particularly in front of his/your daughter. you are welcome to call one of our domestic lawyers(nicole keith or adam sedia) for a free telephone conversation re your options. i don't do domestic law but we have a full service firm and nicole or adam should be able to answer your questions.  good luck and god bless your child.
693	Q: Non-custodial parent was allowed to put child on taxes. Can I ask for proof that refund is put in savings for child?	"The judge allowed the non-custodial parent permission to place child on their taxes because they said they would put the full amount of the refund in a savings account in the child's name; can I ask for proof that it was put in the account? Showing proof was not in the court order, but since the judge allowed the non-custodial parent to place child on taxes because they said they would put the full amount in a savings do I have a right to ask for this proof? Otherwise, couldn't the non-custodial parent be held in contempt for lying to the judge?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Like most legal answers ""it depends.""  If the Order did not specify that you be given proof then he/she is under no obligation to provide you with any such proof.  Furthermore, if the judge did not Order the refund to be deposited into a saving account, then it is unlikely that such a deposit must be made.  However, if the court did Order any refund to be deposited and those funds were NOT deposited, and the non-custodial parent refuses to make the deposit, then only the court can force compliance."
694	Q: Must health insurance providers pay for mammograms in Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Health Care Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Here you go:

IC 27-8-14-6

Breast cancer screening mammography; coverage

Sec. 6. (a) Except as provided in subsection (f), an insurer must 

provide coverage for breast cancer screening mammography in any accident and sickness insurance policy that the insurer issues in Indiana.

(b) Except as provided in subsection (f), the coverage that an insurer must provide under this section must include the following:

(1) If the insured is at least thirty-five (35) but less than forty (40) years of age, coverage for at least one (1) baseline breast cancer screening mammography performed upon the insured before she becomes forty (40) years of age.

(2) If the insured is:

(A) less than forty (40) years of age; and

(B) a woman at risk;

one (1) breast cancer screening mammography performed upon the insured every year.

(3) If the insured is at least forty (40) years of age, one (1) breast cancer screening mammography performed upon the insured every year.

(4) Any additional mammography views that are required for proper evaluation.

(5) Ultrasound services, if determined medically necessary by the physician treating the insured.

(c) Except as provided in subsection (f), the coverage that an insurer must provide under this section must provide reimbursement for breast cancer screening mammography at a level at least as high as:

(1) the limitation on payment for screening mammography services established in 42 CFR 405.534(b)(3) according to the Medicare Economic Index at the time the breast cancer screening mammography is performed; or

(2) the rate negotiated by a contract provider according to the provisions of the insurance policy;

whichever is lower.

(d) Except as provided in subsection (f), the coverage that an insurer must provide under this section may not be subject to dollar limits, deductibles, or coinsurance provisions that are less favorable to the insured than the dollar limits, deductibles, or coinsurance provisions applying to physical illness generally under the accident and sickness insurance policy.

(e) Except as provided in subsection (f), the coverage that an insurer must provide is in addition to any benefits specifically provided for x-rays, laboratory testing, or wellness examinations.

(f) In the case of insurance policies that are not employer based, the insurer must offer to provide the coverage described in subsections (a) through (e).

As added by P.L.119-1991, SEC.3. Amended by P.L.170-1999, SEC.3."
695	"Q: If I stop using my trademark, does my trademark registration become invalid?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The registration does not become invalid, although unless you intend to continue using trademark, you could be deemed to have ""abandoned"" the trademark, making it unenforcable. A Federally registered trademark is presumed to be abandonded if it is not used for three years. Specifically, 15 U.S.C. §1127 states: Abandonment of mark. A mark shall be deemed to be ""abandoned"" when either of the following occurs: (1) When its use has been discontinued with intent not to resume such use. Intent not to resume may be inferred from circumstances. Nonuse for three consecutive years shall be prima facie evidence of abandonment. ""Use"" of a mark means the bona fide use of that mark made in the ordinary course of trade, and not made merely to reserve a right in a mark. (2) When any course of conduct of the owner, including acts of omission as well as commission, causes the mark to become the generic name for the goods or services on or in connection with which it is used or otherwise to lose its significance as a mark. Purchaser motivation shall not be a test for determining abandonment under this paragraph.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
696	"Q: If a friend and I work together to make an invention, to whom will the patent be granted?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: If both you and your friend had a share in the ideas forming the invention as defined in the claims – even if only as to one claim, you are joint inventors and a patent will be issued to them jointly on the basis of a proper patent application. If, on the other hand, one of these persons has provided all of the ideas of the invention, and the other has only followed instructions in making it, the person who contributed the ideas is the sole inventor and the patent application and patent shall be in his/her name alone.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
697	Q: How can i get the paperwork to file for divorce in dearborn county	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: As always I would recommend that you hire an attorney to help you with this, divorce can be a very stressful and complicated process where an attorney would be able to be detached from the emotional aspects of the case. If however you don't want to hire a lawyer I certainly cannot force you to. You can go to the IN supreme Court's website where they have instructions for self-represented persons in divorce cases. You may also consider using a free or reduced cost attorney by googling the Indiana Pro Bono Commission, which is a State run program for people who cannot afford to hire a private lawyer.

Best of luck!"
698	Q: Hello. Sorry about this. I walked away from my corporation in the year 2000 because I was flat broke. Am I still	"Personally liable for any and all taxes i.e. Sales tax, income tax withholding tax, etc. I did not file dissolution either. Its been 15 years and I just received a call from Indiana tax amnesty. I am retired and live on 1700 per month. I'm not proud of what I did but I don't know how I am going to pay thousands of dollars"	"Related Topics:
            
            Tax Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: What you must do is contact a firm that settles tax matters like this.
699	"Q: Can I be sued just for court costs, attorneys fees and interest on an account after the medical services were paid?"	"I received a notice that I was being sued for a medical service received approximately 15 months prior.  When I received this notice, after not receiving a prior notice, I paid the medical services and had to fight the hospital that was suing me to do so.  But, they finally took my payment.  Now, i am still be being sued for almost $700 in fees when the bill was just less than $1500.  The attorney representing the hospital is alleging that they sent me notice 3.5 months prior.  Thank you."	"Related Topics:
            
            Collections"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: You are asking whether something can happen that already has happened? The answer is, of course, yes. The thing to do now is hire an attorney."
700	Q: I am being asked odd requirements for family court and they aren't sending paper work like they are supposed to	What shouldI do I have no transportation to out of town court I am making every effort to pay child support and they are finding another way to get me into trouble what can I do???	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: You really don't provide enough information.  What do you think is ""odd?""  Do you have child support or visitation issues? What paperwork aren't they sending?  Does your court have any local rules?  

Local rules can be found here:  http://www.in.gov/judiciary/2694.htm"
701	Q: A large company has sued me an other in my industry for patent infringement.  We think the patent is bogus.  What to do?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: Some patent owners file many individual suits in different jurisdictions against purported infringers, with the hope that they can obtain quick settlements.   However, it can potentially be prudent for the various defendants to join forces and have all the various lawsuits consolidated in one court and tried at once.  This way, the costs for certain defenses, such as invalidity of the patent, can be shared among all the defendants.  This type of consolidation procedure is discusssed here:  http://www.iniplaw.org/2010/09/multiple-patent-infringement-s.html

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
702	Q: Can a person convicted of a level 6 felony on supervised probation be living in a house with access to firearms?	"State is Indiana, charge was dui with endangerment of a minor.  Person plead guilty."	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: If the person pled guilty to a felony, it would be a federal offense (a felony) for that person to be in possession of a firearm.  If that person ""has access to firearms"", it is likely that a court would find that the person has violated that statute.  Indiana might possibly also make it a crime for a convicted felon to be in possession of a firearm."
703	Q: Can prosecutors in Indiana add sales tax to a shoplifted item to determine value of item for forfeiture purposes?	Indiana law states that an item has to be valued in excess of $100.00 to qualify for forfeiture action being brought against the shoplifter. Indiana prosecutors added tax to an item that is worth $96.00 to arrive at a value that exceeds $100.00 to justify bringing forfeiture action against the shoplifter. Does Indiana law permit this? Any Indiana case law that explains how the value of a shoplifted item may be determined for forfeiture purposes?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: IC 34-24-3-2   Irrebuttable presumption of retailer's pecuniary loss; insurance or indemnification prohibited

(a) For purposes of determining the amount of damages recoverable under section 1(1) of this chapter, there is an irrebuttable presumption that a retailer who brings a civil action under this chapter (or IC 34-4-30 before its repeal) as the result of a violation of IC 35-43-4-2 (theft) or IC 35-43-4-3 (conversion) suffers a pecuniary loss in the amount of:

(1) one hundred dollars ($100) regardless of whether:

(A) the property is returned to the retailer; or

(B) the actual retail value of the property is less than one hundred dollars ($100); or

(2) the retailer's actual damages;

whichever is greater.

(b) An individual found liable in a civil action under this chapter (or IC 34-4-30 before its repeal) for violating IC 35-43-4-2 or IC 35-43-4-3 may not be indemnified or insured for any penalties,

damages, or settlement arising from the violation.

********************

But you also need to read this section, which provides for attorney fees and all kinds of ""fun"" stuff:

***********************

IC 34-24-3-1  Offenses against property; recovery of damages, costs, and attorney's fee

If a person has an unpaid claim on a liability that is covered by IC 24-4.6-5 or suffers a pecuniary loss as a result of a violation of IC 35-43, IC 35-42-3-3, IC 35-42-3-4, or IC 35-45-9, the person may bring a civil action against the person who caused the loss for the following:

(1) An amount not to exceed three (3) times:

(A) the actual damages of the person suffering the loss, in the case of a liability that is not covered by IC 24-4.6-5; or

(B) the total pump price of the motor fuel received, in the case of a liability that is covered by IC 24-4.6-5.

(2) The costs of the action.

(3) A reasonable attorney's fee.

(4) Actual travel expenses that are not otherwise reimbursed under subdivisions (1) through (3) and are incurred by the person suffering loss to:

(A) have the person suffering loss or an employee or agent of that person file papers and attend court proceedings related to the recovery of a judgment under this chapter; or

(B) provide witnesses to testify in court proceedings related to the recovery of a judgment under this chapter.

(5) A reasonable amount to compensate the person suffering loss for time used to:

(A) file papers and attend court proceedings related to the recovery of a judgment under this chapter; or

(B) travel to and from activities described in clause (A).

(6) Actual direct and indirect expenses incurred by the person suffering loss to compensate employees and agents for time used to:

(A) file papers and attend court proceedings related to the recovery of a judgment under this chapter; or

(B) travel to and from activities described in clause (A).

(7) All other reasonable costs of collection.

***********************

Seems pretty clear that a retailer can get at least $100.00 even if the item converted/stolen was worth 1 cent.

Read Lachenman v. Stice, 838 N.E.2d 451, (Ind.App. 2005), for a decent explanation of actual damages."
704	Q: Okay my fiancé was ORed yesterday at 3 o'clock it's been 24hrs Is there anything I can do to get this to move faster?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: Speak to the attorney who represents the fiance.
705	"Q: I was written up for missing too much work after exercising my FMLA rights, eventually terminated. What are my options?"	"I was employed with a company for 16 months, having received 3 above average perforamnce evaluations and 2 promotions. I feel I was targeted for termination due to an incident earlier in the year where I had to go over my supervisor's head and report a sexual harassment complaint to the HR department. The things that followed led up to a written disciplinary report. I have never, in my 30+ years of employment, been written up, or disciplined for anything. The write up included other false statements that I was coerced into signing. I submitted a written rebuttal following week. I am awaiting a judge's decision on an appeal for unemployment benefits. However, I learned during the hearing that my professional reputation had also been assassinated. Is there anything I can do to rectify my reputation? Do I need to report the company for the discipline action filed because of my FLMA leave?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: although i personally do not do employment law, we have an excellent person in the office that does.  carla pyle - you are welcome to call her to ask.  there are no fees for just a phone call.  you can check her out on our website rubinoruman.com"
706	Q: My daughter is a victim of wrongful termination of employment and defamation of character. What can we do?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: If your daughter has been defamed, she may have a claim for libel or slander.  In Indiana, the elements of defamation are: 1. a communication with defamatory imputation; 2.malice; 3.publication; and 4.damages.   However, you do not have to prove damages if the communication imputes: criminal conduct; a loathsome disease; misconduct in a person's profession or occupation; or sexual misconduct.

Your question is too vague to determine if there may be a claim for ""wrongful termination,"" so you should contact an attorney to discuss this issue.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com

poverhauser@overhauser.com"
707	Q: Is there a law against of disposing of blown insulation by burying it	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: I am unaware of a specific law concerning this issue.  However, you should contact the Indiana Department of Environmental Management: 

?(317) 232-8603

?(800) 451-6027 (toll free within Indiana)"
708	Q: Are there any conditions under which an accepted plea bargain can be vacated or dismissed in favor of aquittal	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Paul Stanko	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: A plea agreement, once accepted, is binding upon all parties, like a contract.  Just like a contract, there may be reasons for it to be set aside.  Examples would be if it was based upon a mistake in fact or fraud or misrepresentation by one of the parties.  This is unusual, but not unheard of."
709	Q: What recourse does a 50% owner have if the other is allowing folk to occupy jointly-held property rent free?	"Inherited home after Mom's death. Great nephew is living there having refused to sign a lease. Not credit-worthy.

the other joint-owner who wants to keep property for her grandson's use was asked to buy me out. She refuses. But wants the home for her family without seeing to proper remuneeration for this part-owner.

I am thinking mediation. She is obstinate. Effectively denying me rights to the benefit of my inheritance.

She thinks my hands are tied"	"Related Topics:
            
            Arbitration / Mediation Law"	1	Jonathan Craig Reed	"Las Vegas, NV"	"A: Mediation only works if both sides want to save the expense of litigation. You can't force the other side into a productive mediation. By its nature, mediation involves compromise by both sides, so if only one side is willing to compromise, the mediation will fail. 

Binding arbitration is a possible solution. Because it is binding both sides have to live with the arbitrator's decision. 

If all else fails, you can have a local lawyer file suit to have the property sold so each side can cash out."
710	Q: What is the difference between a provisional and a non-provisional patent application?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: A ""provisional"" patent application is not a ""real"" patent application in the sense that it will not result in the issuance of a patent. However, it establishes a date of invention. You then have 12 months to file a ""non-provisional"" patent application which claims the benefit of the earlier-filed non-provisional. The non-provisional application is usually more detailed and costs more money to prepare and file.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
711	Q: Do i have right to work my race car even has no mufflers?	My neighbor call police about the sound of it because no muffler on it and they told me i cant work on it do i still have right to during day time hours?	"Related Topics:
            
            Municipal Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: you must obey the noise ordinance of the town you live in.
712	Q: Builder has no insurance due tobeing incorporated.  I was injuredHe is subcontractor.  What can Ido	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You may be able to make a claim against the owner of the building where work was being performed.  You also should file a claim against the builder anyway.
713	Q: Will he be denied	My husband is from another country and i am from the usa. i do not have a job and i am a student. we applied for a immigration visa. when he reaches america he will have a job working with my father at his constrution business. will he be denied becuause of me still being a student and not having a job?	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	2	Shan Dimitris Potts	Immigration Law Lawyer	"A: You being a student will not affect his visa, there may be other things however which may have an impact. Hopefully you had an immigration attorney assist you with this, All the best.  

15 years of successful immigration law experience. The answer above is only general in nature cannot be construed as legal advice, given that not enough facts are known. It is your responsibility to retain a lawyer to analyze the facts specific to your particular situation in order to give you specific advice. Specific answers will require cognizance of all pertinent facts about your case. Any answers offered are of a general nature only, and are not meant to create an attorney-client relationship."
714	Q: I sold a lot w garage on contract a few months ago. But buyer avoided signing contract. He just declared ch. 13.	"Buyer *reallly* wanted my garage. I felt pushed into the contract, but I did need someone to deal with the property, to empty garage and clean up the lot after my husban'ds death. I also (unwisely) agreed to sign and publicly record the warranty deed because the neighbor seemed so sincere and was helping me a lot with yard work etc. He made a down payment but would not sign the sales contract. He continued mowing for me but has not made any payments. His ch 13 does not list my property. Instead, he listed me as a creditor for an ""unsecured personal loan...""  for an amount that is less than half the agreed upon purchase price for the garage. Can I revoke the warranty deed?  How do I require this dishonest buyer to vacate my garage? I am a disabled widow who would prefer someone else do the confrontation."	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: That someone else should be your attorney.  It appears you will have to file an ""adversary case"" as a part of the Chapter 13 proceeding.  One of the things you should ask for is that the deed be cancelled."
715	Q: I have a great plot for a James Bond novel / movie. Am I safe to write it without getting sued?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Vincent Thomas Lyon	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: Rights in a character are more complicated because they can be based on different portrayals, and they include trademark rights.

If you were doing a radio play of a new James Bond story and you did it impersonating Sean Connery you'd have lots of other rights to clear first.

As to writing ""fan fiction"" starring James Bond, it is technically violating copyright.  Sir Ian Flemming created the character, and died in 1964.  I have not looked into it specifically and there are issues with British copyright law and US copyright law, and the law has changed so further research would be necessary to be certain so this is for educational purposes only.

Under current law (in both countries) copyright lasts the life of the author plus 70 years.  If James Bond was created under present law, or for various reasons present law applies, then it will be under copyright until 2034."
716	Q: I need a lawyer that will take payments and a down payment for family law( dfc ) in jennings county indiana	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Most lawyers will take a down payment and work with you on a payment plan.  Just contact a few lawyers in the area and tell them what you can do financially, you should be able to find a lawyer that can help you with your case."
717	Q: How do i get the forms to sign over my parental rights?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: There is no such form. It is a common misconception that you can ""sign over"" your parental rights. What would need to happen is if the person with whom you had the child were to get married then that person could adopt your child and take over parental responsibility for your child."
718	Q: We have a signed Paternity Affidavit and Birth Certificate.  What do we file to establish Father's parental rights.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: The best way to do so and to protect those rights is to file a petition with the court.  A court order that spells everything out and that can be followed by all involved should do the job.
719	"Q: Is there any way I can see my kids when I want after child protective services, wrongfully, took my kids in indiana"	"I used marijuana, and quit during a pregnancy, other issues after baby was born, not during(drugs) finished treatment, baby's father almost done with treatment, but after 8 months had positive month swabs and missed 2 caseworker on vacation and unexpected was supposed to go to office to take, just left mess on home vm, so they said I wasn't complying and took them after this long, would signing over temp rights to family make it to whet I can see my kids instead of the 6 month process so I can finish whatever they want me to do to 'fix' myself and get my full parental rights back, and still be able to spend very important time with my kids"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family LawJuvenile Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: No, probably not."
720	Q: I am 70 & can't afford to pay a lawyer.  Can I file bankruptcy on my own. I don't want to lose my home.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: The filing of a Bky is a very complicated area of law, involving a combination of State Laws and Federal Procedures; however, if you are a Natural Person (Human) vs. a Business, you are permitted to represent yourself."
721	Q: Is there anything that can be done in situations when prosecutors don't want to handle certain cases for disabled person	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	JR Emerson	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Prosecutors have great discretion as to whether or not to bring charges, what to charge, and/or any plea agreements that they may reach with the defendant. A prosecutors limited resources may impact his or her decisions, additionally, the likelihood of conviction may also play a role.

Even if a prosecutor does not file charges, an individual who has been injured by the act of another may be able to file a civil lawsuit.  So even if a prosecutor does not want to handle certain cases you may be able to bring your own lawsuit and recover from the wrongdoer yourself."
722	"Q: If i took a plea for something i didnt do but i have evidence to prove i didnt do it, could i still put in a law suit"	Cps was told i went to jail for fighting in front of the kids. They took my children from my mom two days later after i was incarcerated. i took a plea to get my children back and keep them. Could i get back into court eventhough i too the pla and am on active probation?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: From your post, I am not sure what you mean when you say ""put it in a law suit.""   A plea agreement can be admitted as an admission in a civil suit, which won't be good for you because you admitted guilt.  It is also very unlikely that you will be able to get the plea agreement changed with the Court."
723	"Q: with grn card applied for my son,3 mon ago I became citizen,they declined my sons green card at embassy interview."	"There was visa available for my son, paper work took a long time to complete, when he went to interview they told him since your mother is citizen you are qualified ? My son is single and now 27 years old. I thought automatically it gets upgraded, please help. 

Thank you"	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Camlinh Nguyen Rogers	Immigration Law Lawyer	A: The stated facts create a complex case.  Complete contact form at http://aba-us.com/contact/?lang=en to learn how we proceed with your case. Good luck.
724	Q: I have a warrant from another county and I have court in another county . Will the courts arrest me when I show up	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Probably. Get a criminal defense attorney on your side.
725	Q: What do I need to do to get divorce I don't  have kids and I got married in New Jersey now Iam living in Indiana .	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Before filing for divorce in Indiana, at least one spouse must be a resident of Indiana for at lease six months.  So if you have been living in Indiana for at least 6 months then you can begin the process in Indiana.  After you have filed for divorce, the you must wait at least 60 days before a court will finalize your Petition for Divorce.  Best of luck."
726	Q: A state or federala appellate courts published opinion is known as ............?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Constitutional Law"	2	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Case law.
727	Q: What is a reasonable royalty to pay for licensing a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: There are many factors to consider in determining a reasonable royalty.  Under Supreme Court precedent, there are 15 factors (known as the Georgia-Pacific factors) to consider in a patent infringement lawsuit.  These were first articulated in Georgia-Pacific Corp. v. U.S. Plywood Corp., 318 F. Supp. 1116 (S.D.N.Y. 1970), and include:

1. The royalties received by the patentee for the licensing of the patent in suit, proving or tending to prove an established royalty.

2. The rates paid by the licensee for the use of other patents comparable to the patent in suit.

3. The nature and scope of the license, as exclusive or non-xclusive; or as restricted or non-restricted in terms of territory or with respect to whom the manufactured product may be sold.

4. The licensor’s established policy and marketing program to maintain his patent monopoly by not licensing others to use the invention or by granting licenses under special conditions designed to preserve that monopoly.

5. The commercial relationship between the licensor and licensee, such as, whether they are competitors in the same territory in the same line of business; or whether they are inventor and promotor.

6. The effect of selling the patented specialty in promoting sales of other products of the licensee; the existing value of the invention to the licensor as a generator of sales of his non-patented items; and the extent of such derivative or convoyed sales.

7. The duration of the patent and the term of the license.

8. The established profitability of the product made under the patent; its commercial success; and its current popularity.

9. The utility and advantages of the patent property over the old modes or devices, if any, that had been used for working out similar results.

10. The nature of the patented invention; the character of the commercial embodiment of it as owned and produced by the licensor; and the benefits to those who have used the invention.

11. The extent to which the infringer has made use of the invention; and any evidence probative of the value of that use.

12. The portion of the profit or of the selling price that may be customary in the particular business or in comparable businesses to allow for the use of the invention or analogous inventions.

13. The portion of the realizable profit that should be credited to the invention as distinguished from non-patented elements, the manufacturing process, business risks, or significant features or improvements added by the infringer.

14. The opinion testimony of qualified experts.

15. The amount that a licensor (such as the patentee) and a licensee (such as the infringer) would have agreed upon (at the time the infringement began) if both had been reasonably and voluntarily trying to reach an agreement; that is, the amount which a prudent licensee — who desired, as a business proposition, to obtain a license to manufacture and sell a particular article embodying the patented invention — would have been willing to pay as a royalty and yet be able to make a reasonable profit and which amount would have been acceptable by a prudent patentee who was willing to grant a license.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
728	Q: My website domain name is similar those of several competitive websites.  Can I be sued for trademark infringement?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You might be sued if the names are so similar that consumers might be confused by the similarity.  A domain name can constitute a trademark or service mark, and domain names can be registered with the Trademark Office.  However, depending on where you are located, you may not be subject to the jurisdiction of a court in another state.  This issue is discussed in the following blog posting:

http://www.iniplaw.org/2007/02/indiana-court-exterminates-rod.html

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
729	Q: What are the laws regarding the non custodial parent providing adequate heat in the home during visit	The non custodial parent  does not have working heat in the home	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Laws can't cover every eventuality.  If the children don't have heat in the home/apartment where they are having visitation, a motion should be filed with the Court to curtail visitation or to hold noncustodial parent in contempt.  

Now, the problem with something like this is PROVING it.  You put the children in a position to have to testify against the non-custodial parent, which often makes these people irate . . . because it's never THEIR fault, remember?"
730	Q: Does the Patent Office set the fees charged by patent attorneys for a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: No. The price is between you and your patent attorney, and the Patent Office takes no part. To avoid misunderstanding you may wish to ask for estimate charges for: (a) the search (b) preparation of the patent application, and (c) prosecution.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
731	Q: Can my ex husband still be responsible for our mortgage. Both names are still on the mortgage.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: He can, but that doesn't mean he necessarily will. If he is to be responsible for the mortgage, you will have to move out and sign a quit claim deed to him. He will then need to refinance the house solely in his name."
732	"Q: In Indiana, if the exspouse files for bankruptcy and has to move in with a relative, are you required to pay support ?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Support"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Child support is based on income, so it is unlikely that it would have any effect.  In deed, if she is earning less than she was at the time of the support order, child support could be increased.   Additionally, in theory, the child support is actually for the kids.  The mother acts as a trustee for those funds.  That is why there is no income tax for child support."
733	Q: Does the man who signed the phaternity affidavid have to be the one to file a petition for a phaternity test ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: No.  The mother can be or any next friend of the child.
734	Q: Do you have to register a copyright to take advantage of copyright law?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: No, you don't have to register a copyright to take advantage of copyright law.  For example, you can sell or license a copyrighted work even if you have not registered.  However, if you have made an investment in your work, it is a good idea to register it with the Copyright Office.  If you register your work early, then if it is ever infringed, you have preserved the right to recovery attorneys fees and ""statutory damages"" in any future lawsuit."
735	Q: If a house bought during marriage loan is in spouses name deed is in both names can spouse with loan take house?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Julie A. Rice	"Atlanta, GA"	A: It's marital property subject to equitable division so the court will decide.
736	Q: punishment for fake signatures during judicial proceedings?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: What is it you mean by fake signatures? Why didn't you give some facts? Attorneys deal with facts and the law, and without the facts we cannot apply the law. That is like asking grandma to make her famous fried chicken without the chicken."
737	Q: My son is now 30. His mother didn't name anyone as the father on his bc. How can we correct this?	"I just found this out and he has always been my son, no argument there. I am a disabled vet and in Indiana he can attend school for free, we looked into the birth certificate and found out I was not on it."	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Contact the Department of Vital Statistics in Indianapolis if he was born in Indiana.
738	Q: Why would I need a will or living trust if I only have a debt free home and cars?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Timothy Coe	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: The reason for a will or a living trust are to make sure that what you want to happen to your property after you die, or if you were to become infirm. The State has a system where your property will pass to your closes relatives if you do not have a will (this is called intestacy), and they try to approximate what most people, with happy families, would want. If you want your property (and by that I mean all property, the house and cars are one thing, but I am almost certain you have other property in the form of bank accounts, pensions, investments, personal property like furniture and jewlery, etc., etc., etc.) to be given to your relatives by the State as described in the intestacy statutes, then you may not need one. But there are other considerations that do along with estate planning, like a medical directive (n case you are too ill to make a decision at the time of your illness and you want to give instructions before that happens), or a durable power of attorney (again in case you are too ill or incapacitated and you need to designate a person to take care of your financial affairs and/or healthcare decisions). Like I said there are a lot of things to consider when planning you estate for the eventuality that you will not live forever."
739	Q: I live in Indiana and i know for a fact that he is being illegally adopted.	"I want to know what i can do to intervene and STOP This illegal adoption!!  DCS/CPS took my son in 2005 falsely claiming i was homeless and unemployed and my parental rights were NOT terminated according to the requirements of the law!!!  Please help; the foster MONSTER wants me TOTALLY AND COMPLETELY Shut out of the life of my son, even though i have never abused or neglected him or been found to be unfit or incapable of caring for him.  THere exist elements of fraud!!"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Your question requires far too complex of an answer for this forum. Further, as posted, it is unlikely that you can handle this without hiring counsel.  Contact a local attorney."
740	Q: In the state of Indiana how far does the employers smoke area have to be...in other words how far can I smoke a cigarett	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: There are no state laws in Indiana regarding this subject.  However, there may be local ordiances that apply, so check in the town and county  where you work."
741	Q: Can cops send a under cover cop that is 21 to date a 17 year old girl just to get there family in trouble?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Who got charged with what? Get a criminal defense attorney.
742	Q: Can property and injury claims from an auto accident be filed seperately if the owner and driver are different in IN.?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Timothy J. Deffet	Personal Injury Lawyer	A: Yes. But in some circumstances if the claims are both filed in court they may be consolidated into one case to save on judicial resources.
743	Q: Has the state of Indiana set forth any guidelines for the scope of practice for Office Medical Asistants?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Medical Malpractice"	1	Burton A. Padove	Medical Malpractice Lawyer	"A: Indiana law requires that a medical assistant work directly under a supervising physician.  The assistant cannot perform radiography, cannot make a diagnosie, prescribe or administer treatment or medication unless under the direct supervision and must report the results of any examination directluy to the supervising physician."
744	Q: What Is the current age of majority in Indiana?	"I believe it's 18, unless you are either still in school or were convicted of a certain type of crime before age 18, am I right?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Juvenile Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: This link might help. http://statelaws.findlaw.com/indiana-law/indiana-legal-ages-laws.html
745	Q: Are there any organizations in Indiana that can assist in developing and marketing my invention?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Two good groups are the Venture Club of Indiana, www.ventureclub.org; and the Hackers and Founders, www.meetup.com/Hackers-and-Founders-Indianapolis/

Paul Overhauser

317-891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
746	"Q: I was made to leave my home by husband for girlfriend, home in his name can i make him sell in divorce ?"	"He made threats for me to leave the home, then found he had a girlfriend. He made me leave 2 weeks before christmas so she could stay at our home. I would honestly like to know if i would be able to make him sell the home or something ?? What can i do ?  Anything? we have been married 11yrs Sept 1. We have not filed for divorce yet. Honestly yes i am not happy he moved this girl in to live in our home of 10yrs with my children, it is not right and i want to know what i can do if anything .  I would greatly appreciate your help ~  He did physically abused me and was charged"	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Absent a prenuptial agreement, most property, whether in his name or yours, or obtained during or even before the marriage is considered marital property absent a few exceptions such as inheritance.  There is a presumption that there should be a 50/50 split.  That presumption can be rebutted.  In my experience, the main factor for rebutting the presumption in a marriage such as you described is

a disparity in income.  Generally, if you have the children, the court is most likely to award the house to you.  If you cannot afford the mortgage and he can, it may be awarded to him.  Regardless, it is the overall value of the marital estate that is divided.  If there are not enough liquid assets to divide, the court may order that the house be sold."
747	"Q: my sons stepmom filed to adopt him, I need to know how to go about contesting the adoption"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	A: Hire an attorney.
748	Q: Can a person be charged with attempted murder for shooting up an empty house?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: What are the facts?
749	Q: Is it possible to be granted parole modification to get off parole?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Yes,the parole board has discretion to discharge a person once they are released on parole. See Indiana Code 11-13-3"
750	Q: A lawyer contacted me to tell me that there is over $20k unclaimed from my deceased mother - where are they finding this	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: he or she may the lawyer handling the estate. if your mom had an account with a trust department at a bank, it could very well be one of the trust officers.  i serve on a board of directors that oversees a bank trust department and occassionally there are missing heirs that have to be found.the simplest thing to do is to ask the lawyer."
751	Q: Can you be sued for breech of contract 2 months after you move out and the property has since been sold	And owner is claiming in law suit that he cannot sell or lease propertyand there was a co-signor on the contract and owner never asked/offered/demanded that co-signor take over contract and is now suing both parties.	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: If the property was sold, the owner can sue you for the difference between the sales price and what you agreed to pay, along with any additional expenses involved.  I would have to read the contract before I could comment on the co-signor's obligations."
752	"Q: To fiel a chapter 7 bankruptcy do you have to have $10,000 in debt"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: The more important consideration is the kind of debt and whether it is dischargeable.  The answer to your question also depends on whether you are seeking a Chapter 7 bankruptcy.  If so you have to pass the means test.  That test  determines whether your income is low enough for you to qualify to file,. In light of the expense involved in filing for bankruptcy, most lawyers will not recommend a bankruptcy if you have debt under $10,000 unless the main purpose is to stop or delay a foreclosure."
753	"Q: What is a ""famous"" trademark, and why should I care?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	3	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: According to the Lanham Act,a “famous” mark under the Lanham Act is:

(2) Definitions

(A) For purposes of paragraph (1), a mark is famous if it is widely recognized by the general consuming public of the United States as a designation of source of the goods or services of the mark’s owner. In determining whether a mark possesses the requisite degree of recognition, the court may consider all relevant factors, including the following: 

(i) The duration, extent, and geographic reach of advertising and publicity of the mark, whether advertised or publicized by the owner or third parties.

(ii) The amount, volume, and geographic extent of sales of goods or services offered under the mark.

(iii) The extent of actual recognition of the mark.

(iv) Whether the mark was registered under the Act of March 3, 1881, or the Act of February 20, 1905, or on the principal register. 

(B) For purposes of paragraph (1), “dilution by blurring” is association arising from the similarity between a mark or trade name and a famous mark that impairs the distinctiveness of the famous mark. In determining whether a mark or trade name is likely to cause dilution by blurring, the court may consider all relevant factors, including the following:

(i) The degree of similarity between the mark or trade name and the famous mark.

(ii) The degree of inherent or acquired distinctiveness of the famous mark.

(iii) The extent to which the owner of the famous mark is engaging in substantially exclusive use of the mark.

(iv) The degree of recognition of the famous mark.

(v) Whether the user of the mark or trade name intended to create an association with the famous mark.

(vi) Any actual association between the mark or trade name and the famous mark. 

(C) For purposes of paragraph (1), “dilution by tarnishment” is association arising from the similarity between a mark or trade name and a famous mark that harms the reputation of the famous mark"
754	Q: How can I find a good lawyer?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	1	Burton A. Padove	Divorce Lawyer	"A: Ask friends.  I would also interview the lawyer and ask specific questions about his or her experience.  I believe that a key to a good client attorney relationship is communication, so if you make a call, see how soon the attorney responds to your initial inquiry.  Does he or she personally call you back, or does an assistant.  Does he or she return calls or emails promptly?  All of these are important elements that you should look for in hiring."
755	Q: Some towns have codes claiming a pigeon is a fowl. So is a pigeon considered a fowl?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Municipal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: In those towns they are.  As far as I know, in all other towns too."
756	Q: How long does it take to get a copyright registration?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	1	Paul Overhauser	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: A registration is effective as of the date the application is received by the Copyright Office.  However, the registration certificate takes a while to receive.  If you pay for ""special handling,"" a registration ususally takes about a week.  If you file an application electronically, it takes about 4 months.  If you file using a paper form, it takes about 22 months!  (The copyright office is severely backlogged on paper applications, as of December 2010.)

However, it is imporant to register early, becuase if a coypright is infringeed, the remedies are you can recover are much, much better."
757	Q: I NEED A SUMMONS OF PUBLICATION FORM FOR INDIANA	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Look in the legal classifieds for the largest paper in your county for such a summons and use it as a template to draft your own.
758	Q: Where can I conduct a trademark search for trademarks for pending applications and federal registrations?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A good starting point for conducting a trademark search is the US Trademark Office website, at http://www.uspto.gov/ (then click on Search marks). As you are in Indiana, you can also search Indiana trademarks at http://www.in.gov/sos/business/2374.htm

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
759	Q: Partner in LLC...who is also husband in failing marriage...trying to coerce me into signing	"The Unanimous Written Consent Of Resolutions stating I also authorize trade of farmland for two other tract plus a house.  He only consulted about 2 tracts, which I agreed to the 2 tracts.  He then also purchased house for himself in this trade.  (so 2 tracts plus house instead of just 2 tracts as I was told)  He told me after committing to it. (a while back he said he would purchase a house for himself, when I said it wasn't fine to use joint money he responds with, ""you can't stop me"")  He closed on it and is now expecting me to sign as member of LLC.  I didn't agree to it. and if I sign it will show I did.  What can I do?  What if I don't sign as only other member?  What will that do to LLC?   If I don't sign how can he adjust to make it work for him?  If I sign I can't then say he purchased without my consent as this now gives consent.  ?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Business Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	A: Don't sign before you consult with an attorney.  How is he coercing you?
760	Q: Hi. I was in a car accident. I was struck by a truck while i was stoped at a red light on the cross road.	I have no insurance and a suspended license. I was not at fault. Can i get any payout for my car being totaled and hospital bills and not able to work right now.	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Adam Studnicki	Personal Injury Lawyer	"A: A local injury lawyer can make a claim for maximum compensation. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information.  It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
761	Q: Can you define unsupervised probation	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Unsupervised probation means that you are assaigned to a probation officer, but you don't have to report to him or her, like a person on supervised probation must do. But if you are arrested while on probation, your probation officer will find out, and that can cause more problems than if you were not on any probation at all."
762	Q: What is a certification mark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A certification mark is any word, phrase, symbol or design, or a combination thereof owned by one party who certifies the goods and services of others when they meet certain standards. The owner of the mark exercises control over the use of the mark; however, because the sole purpose of a certification mark is to indicate that certain standards have been met, use of the mark is by others.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
763	Q: Can my room mate have a gun in the house when I have a domestic violence record? I am now divorced from my spouse	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Domestic Violence"	1	JR Emerson	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: The question is not whether your roommate can have a gun in the house, the question is can you be in a house with a gun located on the premises?  

You will need to look at your DV Order and see if you are Brady disqualified or not and/or for how long."
764	Q: My husband was arrested for battery on a minor....the used cps substantiation to arrest him. Today I went to the office	That cps send the picture to and said the doctors said it was extreme force.....that's how cps substantiated it.....but there is no medical report. ...so basically cps lied. What can I do to get the charges dropped on my husband?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: Hire a private criminal defense attorney. The attorney will investigate all the facts and circumstances and make a decision on how to proceed.
765	"Q: What do the terms ""patent pending"" and ""patent applied for"" mean?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: ""Patent pending"" means you applied for a patent, and the application is still active - it has not been finally rejected, or, issued as a patent. ""Patent applied for"" is not a commonly used term, but it means that a patent application was filed, even though it could have been finally rejected.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
766	Q: Non compete agreements: How Legal are they?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	3	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Yes, these agreements are often enforced. However, depending on the state you are in, obtaining monetary damages may be easier than getting an injunction.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
767	Q: If a first person furnishes all of the ideas to make an invention and a second person employs the first person	"Or furnishes the money for building and testing the invention, should the patent application be filed by the first and second persons jointly?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: No. The application must be signed by the true inventor, and filed with the Patent Office, in the inventor's name. This is the person who furnishes the ideas (e.g. the first person in the above fact pattern), not the employer or the person who furnishes the money.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
768	"Q: My 16 year old daughter does not want to live with her father, who has custody. Does she have to return to him?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: you need to file a petition to modify custody with the court.
769	Q: What can be done with this new information?	"Elkhart, IN | Monday at 12:38pm 

14 year old son on the church van, kid's say he was driving to fast, he braked hard and son busted nose on the window as he was looking out. His nose bled over 30min, went to ER but not broken, son was picked up from school due to nose kept bleeding twice, driver vist ed at ER very sad offering money for anything we needed, should I do nothing? I just found out it's a facial contusion and a concussion."	"Related Topics:
            
            Car Accidents"	1	Adam Studnicki	Personal Injury Lawyer	"A: Same question asked three times.   

If there was negligence, you can sue. Talk to an injury lawyer. 

Please Take Notice: I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information. It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents. I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience. I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
770	Q: How can you find out if someone has filed for bankruptcy?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Sign up for PACER at the District Court for the respective jurisdiction. This is a free service, as long as you use less than $10 of services per calendar quarter. Once signed in you can pull up the specific case and review"
771	Q: Isn't it true that a search warrant have to be filed prior to the execution?	"...police raided a home I was in, so the renter of the home ask to see the warrant upon entry ...looking at the warrant I notice 2 things,  1) there was no file stamp by the judge. 2) there's no signature by the judge only the detective. And on my discovery there appears to be two signature that of a judge accompanied with a filing stamp dated the same day of the execution but wasnt present on the original. Is this legal?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: We cannot give legal advice about documents without reviewing them and sometimes researching the law to answer questions just like yours.
772	Q: Should I use an attorney to get a trademark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You are not required to hire an attorney, but if you decide to prepare and submit your own application, you must comply with all requirements of the trademark statutes and rules and may be required to respond to legal issues raised by the the Trademark Office. Because the application process can be complex, many applicants hire an attorney to represent them. Your local Bar Association website may offer a referral service to help you find local attorneys who practice trademark law.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
773	Q: My septic system is not to code. Can i sue the people that built the home in 1968?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: Based on the statute of limitations, it is highly improbable. Written contracts have 10 year statute of limitations. Unwritten 6 years. It would require a non-contractual theory, which is more likely to have an even shorter statute of limitations, prohibiting filing your lawsuit."
774	Q: Garnishments:  any money deposited into account AFTER the garnishment date should be freed?  Correct?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Incorrect, it is the account that is frozen not the amount of the funds.  So if you deposit funds after the date that the garnishment is served and before a court ruling, the additional funds are also frozen."
775	Q: How do I find case results for patent infringement cases in Virginia?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Try going here: http://dockets.justia.com/ Select Virgina for the jurisdiction and patent (under intellectual property) for the case ""Type."" This will show you patent cases that have been filed. Then get a PACER account, and look at the docket reports for various cases.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
776	Q: Is it necessary to go to the Patent Office to get a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: No. Most business with the Office is conducted by email and written correspondence. Interviews regarding pending applications can be arranged with examiners if necessary and are often helpful.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
777	Q: I have proof my husband cheated does indiana have allimony or adualtry	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: indiana is a no fault divorce state. the fact of adultry, while wrong on many levels and in very poor judgment, may only be relevant if he was dissipating marital assets.  there is no alimony in indiana. however there can be post(after)divorce maintenence for a period of time for you to acquire a work skill.  you are certainly welcome to call one of domestic relations lawyers to ask other questions. there is no charge for phone calls.  nicole keith in our firm is the one i would recommend. you can check her out on our website rubinoruman.com.  good luck"
778	Q: What is the statute in homicide abuse?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Michael E. Polen Jr.	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Under Indiana law, homicide includes many things including murder. There is no time limitations to the State filing a murder charge. I am not sure what you mean by ""homicide abuse."""
779	Q: If a conviction is overturned is that person supposed to bevfree	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Appeals / Appellate Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Appeals & Appellate Lawyer	A: Perhaps. We would have to read the decision.
780	Q: If a witness or a police officer doesn't show up to testify can the case be thrown out?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: it is up to the judge hearing the case.  some judges will and some judges will simply continue the case. it is in the discretion of the judge.
781	"Q: If I file for a trademark, will the trademark office conduct a search for me?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Well, the Trademark Office (either Federal or State) will conduct their own trademark search, but it will not be ""for you;"" it will be to determine whether your mark is confusingly similar to another registered mark. If they find a conflict, they will reject your application, and you will have lost your filing fee.  That is why it is a good idea to do a trademark search before you file, or better yet, before you select your trademark.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
782	"Q: My stepson is being held in Clark Co. for childsupport and is being taken to Scott Co. for the same thing, Is there"	Anything I can do to help him out of jail short of paying his support? He's done been in the system for 2 years. He's a good kid other than his support issues. Please advise? Thank you.	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Support"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: There is very little that you can do short of paying his support especially if there is no justifiable reason for him to have failed to do so.  Your best bet is to hire counsel.
783	Q: At pretrial do both party need to be there	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Ask your attorney. The only answer I can give is probably, but then it is common practice here in FL to have a criminal defendant waive his appearnce at pre-trials."
784	Q: How can I be sure the Patent Office will not give others information contained in my application while it is pending?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: Most patent applications filed on or after November 29, 2000, will be published 18 months after the filing date of the application, or any earlier filing date relied upon under Title 35, United States Code. Otherwise, all patent applications are maintained in the strictest confidence until the patent is issued or the application is published. After the application has been published, however, a member of the public may request a copy of the application file. After the patent is issued, the Office file containing the application and all correspondence leading up to issuance of the patent is made available in the Files Information Unit for inspection by anyone, and copies of these files may be purchased from the Office."
785	Q: What type of lawyer could help with this passport application issue?	"20 years ago a very foolish young person claimed that their almost-expired passport was lost (it wasn't) so that they could get a new passport (all for the sake of vanity...they didn't like the photo). There may be a statute of limitations on such a crime, but this person (now much older and with a great sense of shame) feels the need to confess to the correct officials, and wants to do so with some counsel from a lawyer who knows the particularities of the State Dept. What sort of lawyer might be good for such a client?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Immigration Law"	1	Camlinh Nguyen Rogers	Immigration Law Lawyer	A: The stated facts are insufficient to answer your question.  Complete contact form at http://aba-us.com/contact/?lang=en with more details for a specific answer. Good luck.
786	"Q: I started to sell my invention in Sep. 2009, and filed for a US patent in December. Can I still get foreign patents?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: It depends on exactly ""what"" was sold, and on what is claimed in the patent.  However, assuming what was sold is the thing covered by the patent, you have probably missed the deadline to get a patent in most foreign countries.  Most do not have a 12-month ""grace period"" for filing, like the US has.  However, the correct answer is very fact specific, so you should contact your patent attorney to find out for sure.

Paul Overhauser

Overhauser Law Offices

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
787	"Q: If a previous employer was telling customers that I was a thief, and had no actual proof of said crime, is there a case?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Libel & Slander"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Did you suffer an economic or reputational loss in your community? If so, then there is a possibility of a case."
788	Q: If you are a S-Corp how can a lawyer pick one owner out (there are 3) and personnally name him in a lawsuit?	There is a email stating that he just decided to name him....no reason.	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: assuming that the shareholders have maintained the corporate identity, none of them are individually responsible for the corporations debts unless they personally signed or guaranteed the debt. if a shareholder is wrongfully personally named, that is subject to being dismissed."
789	Q: How can I protect a new recipe I have come up with for barbeque sauce?  It is really good.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	2	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The best way to protect a recipie would, in theory, be through a patent.  However, this could be difficult for two reasons. First, ""non-obviousneess"" is required for a patent, and the Patent Office may consider your ingredients to be ""obvious,"" and hence unpatentable.  Second, in considering patent protection, you have to think about whether you would be able to detect infringers.  As a practical matter, how would you know if someone else's sauce used your recipe.  Most people would stick to trademark and/or trade secret protection to protect a barbeque sauce.  Consult with a good IP attorney

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
790	Q: Motion of Contempt in Indiana State	"I just filed (Motion of contempt for parenting and visitation order)few days ago. How long is the response time? Im the petitioner, and the x-wifey violated the court order. Can she be punished if found at fault?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Gojko Kasich	"Hebron, IN"	"A: Depending on the severity of the interference, good luck getting anything more than a slap on the wrist from the judge.  And be doggone sure there WAS a violation and NOT a ""misunderstanding,"" because it's certainly possible that she hires a lawyer and that the Judge could order you to pay none, some, or all of her legal fees."
791	Q: Can a postal worker hand deliver mail to a child?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: i don't know of any law that prohibits that and would seriously doubt that there would be any legal consequences for doing so.
792	"Q: What is ""Conversion"" regardiing a criminal conviction"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: It depends on which state you are in.  In Indiana, conversion is:

IC 35-43-4-3

Conversion

Sec. 3. (a) A person who knowingly or intentionally exerts unauthorized control over property of another person commits criminal conversion, a Class A misdemeanor.

(b) The offense under subsection (a) is a Class D felony if committed by a person who exerts unauthorized control over the motor vehicle of another person with the intent to use the motor vehicle to assist the person in the commission of a crime.

(c) The offense under subsection (a) is a Class C felony if:

(1) committed by a person who exerts unauthorized control over the motor vehicle of another person; and

(2) the person uses the motor vehicle to assist the person in the commission of a felony.

As added by Acts 1976, P.L.148, SEC.3. Amended by Acts 1977, P.L.340, SEC.46; P.L.143-2005, SEC.2.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
793	Q: How do I get included in the Kardonick Settlement issue with Chase?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Civil Litigation"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You need to contact the Class Administrator.  There is a website and I believe that you can file a claim online.

http://www.kardonicksettlement.com"
794	Q: I was looking at a boat. I wanted to show interest. I suggested $100; the business asked for $500. I wrote a check.	"When I determined the boat required a great deal of repair, I was no longer interested in the boat. I asked for my check back. The business refuses to return the $500."	"Related Topics:
            
            Contracts"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: Sounds like you changed your mind after completing the transaction.  A local lawyer can review and advise. 

Please Take Notice: I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information. It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents. I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience. I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
795	Q: I flied bankruptcy last year and now my mortage company is coming after me saying i owe them $800 in filing fees.	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Andrew Bresalier	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: If you reaffirmed the property you are subject to all related fees/costs per your mortgage.
796	Q: I've designed a new logo for my company.  Should it be trademarked or copyrighted?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: You may be able to do both, if the logo contains sufficient creative content.  Trademark protection would protect against someone else using a confusingly similar logo in thier business, even if they did not ""copy"" your logo (e.g., they coincidentally designed a logo that is similar).  Copyright protection would protect against someone copying your logo, even if they do not use it as a trademark to sell a good or service.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
797	Q: Divorce decree in place with alimony. Ex & I have came to a single payment does this need to go back before a judge?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	JR Emerson	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: If the Judge issued an Order, and you and your wife have worked out some other arrangement, then the Judge's Order should be changed to reflect your new ""arrangement"".  If you fail to follow a Judicial Order you may find yourself facing contempt charges.  

Speak to an attorney to amend the order."
798	Q: What is the State of Indiana's equivalent to D.C code section 16-1905?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Other"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: 12-26-6
799	Q: My dogs are on leads neighbors dog's tease and harads	My dogs are on leads and the neighbors have three dogs that come on my property and harass my dogs animal control says there not going to do anything about because I live in csl in north vernon the sheriff's department says there's nothing they can do unless they are being violent when they arrive what can I do with in the legal. Boundaries	"Related Topics:
            
            Animal / Dog Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	A: Build a fence.
800	Q: One of my employees designed a great logo for my business.  Am I safe to use it without paying them extra for it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	2	Bruce E Burdick	"Alton, IL"	"A: NO, you are not safe.  You need an agreement with the employee that assigns you the copyright to be safe.  There are exceptions, such as where that was a normal part of the employee's job or where the ""great logo"" is  a simple trademark or service mark rather than an artistic design.  You need to talk to an intellectual property lawyer to protect yourself and get this set up legally to where you really are safe.  There are other important considerations you have not mentioned, namely copyright registration, trademark registration, dba filings, tradename clearance, etc.  You will save a lot of time and money by seeing an intellectual property lawyer to clear and protect this logo now before you commit a bunch of money to using and marketing a new logo.  Otherwise, you risk being forced to stop using it.  This is normally not expensive legal work, so do not cut corners at this stage.  Get this solved before you invest in the logo.  Bruce Burdick 618-462-3450 www.burdlaw.com"
801	Q: Indiana Workers’ Compensation Act covers all employees for injuries arisingout of and in the course of employment.	Does this mean I can qualify for my cervical spine surgery that is a result from an accident outside of work? The above statement is from my employee handbook.	"Related Topics:
            
            Workers' Compensation"	1	Nathaniel O Hubley	Workers' Compensation Lawyer	"A: Not likely. The accident that occurred outside work would not have arisen out of and in the course of your employment. A lot of times injured workers sustain aggravations to a pre-existing back problem. If the aggravation occurred at work (while lifting something, etc) then it would be covered. You also might be covered under the workers compensation act if you can establish that the repetitive nature of your job (repetitive lifting at work) caused your back injury. Contact a workers compensation attorney for more information or visit my website for additional information about work-related injuries. www.hubleylaw.com"
802	Q: Is an employer required to reimburse an employee for mileage on personal vehicles used for business purposes?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: I don't think it's actually required, however, you can claim it as a deduction on your 2012 taxes when you file them next year. I think what the IRS allows is $0.555 per mile so keep records of all of your mileage."
803	Q: Can I take a small pawn loan on a piece of jewelry ($250) and pay that loan back prior to filing ch 7 bankruptcy?	I am going to be filing in August. I have had an illness and cannot pay my rent. The piece of jewelry is not worth more than $300.00. I need to pawn this in order to pay my rent and be able to have groceries this week. I want to reclaim this piece prior to filing chapter 7 bankruptcy in August. Will that jeopardize my case when I file?	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Robert Gambrell	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: Pawning a $250.00 piece of jewelry should not cause a problem with a chapter 7 bankruptcy, whether you redeem the jewelry and get it out of pawn before or after you file your chapter 7."
804	Q: My boss wants all respiratory therapist to intubate. This was not in my job discription when I signed on.  What can I do	"I work at a small 99 bed hospital and my supervisior wants all RRT to do intubations.  The standard she has set is 1 intubation a month. This standard requires me and most other to come in on our own time to meet this standard due to the lack of opportunity in the ER and the floors.  We have brought this inflatted standard to her attention, but with no resolution, and she tells us that we can not refuse to participate in this program.  This was not in my job discription when I started working her in 2008 and has not impacted my duties or my ability to do my job.  There are 2 other RRT who did not want to participate in the program and were not made to participate.  Is this discrimination and can I be forced to continue in this program against my will."	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Discrimination"	1	Timothy Coe	Employment Law Lawyer	"A: Employment discrimination is discrimination based on race, gender, color, national origin, religion or disability that causes an adverse employment action. It does not seem like this situation would fit into one of those categories. I would recommend contacting the hospitals HR and dealing with it internally."
805	Q: I need to know what options I have to resolve a situation legally.	"I have an issue with a cashier at a local gas station, we had a small argument about her poor customer service, which escalated into her threatening to fight me in the parking lot.  I told her manager, but they just gave her a write up.  A few days ago, we were both shopping at the same grocery store, she took it upon herself to follow me around and taunt me, trying to get me to start a fight.  After I left the grocery store, I stopped by another store, where she showed up a few minutes later, and continued to harass me and my 15 year old son until we left.  I went and talked to her manager about her actions, but she replied that it didn't happen there, so there was nothing she could do about it."	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: In some states, you can obtain a legal injunction against this type of harassment.  Check with an Indiana lawyer to see if something like that is available. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information.  It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
806	"Q: Been married 45 years, is wife entitled to any of my social security?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	A: Certainly.
807	Q: what are the statues on the laws of marijuana possession	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: A simple internet search can be done on this which will lead to much information to read. Here are some basics: http://norml.org/laws/item/indiana-penalties-2
808	Q: I need to renew my registration for my car will state taxes owed prevent me from renewing it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Tax Law"	1	Jennifer Long	Tax Law Lawyer	"A: Hi,

Every state has its own method for handling delinquent state taxes. According to Indiana's Bureau of Motor Vehicles website, delinquent taxes are one reason why you may not receive an IN renewal notice.

Additionally, unpaid taxes can lead to the following state enforcement action:

1) auctioning of property

2) garnishing of wages

3) levying bank account.

I would encourage you to contact a tax professional to get an answer that is tailored to your facts and circumstances and also get information on becoming compliant with the state.

I have also included links to Indiana's revenue and DMV page for your reference.

http://www.in.gov/dor/3960.htm#warrant

http://www.dmv.org/in-indiana/registration-renewal.php"
809	"Q: We have a house with 2 mortgages, and $91,000 in the estate, can we  turn the house in to the bank in lieu of  payment?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Foreclosure"	1	Timothy Coe	Foreclosure Defense Lawyer	"A: What you are talking about is a Deed in Lieu of foreclosure. It is unlikely that the bank would go for it because they are still taking it subject to the second bank's mortgage. If you file a bankruptcy your bankruptcy attorney will be able to help you surrender the house as part of the bankruptcy so you won't owe anything else (as in a deficiency judgment) and you won't be on the hook for any taxes that may come if you simply gave the house back as it were.

Best of luck!"
810	"Q: What is the ""inequitable conduct"" defense in patent infringement litigation?"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: A patent applicant has an obligation under 37 CFR 56 to disclose to the Patent Office information that is ""material"" to the patentability of the patent application.  If the applicant withholds or misrepresents information when dealing with the Patent Office, a court, in a later infringement suit, can find the patent invalid due to inequitable conduct.  Thus, this is a ""defense"" that an accused infringer may assert."
811	Q: Can i file a lawsuit for mc donalds if i didnt break anything	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Yes, as long as you suffered some injury caused bu McDonalds breaching a duty of care to you."
812	Q: In a domestic dispute can a Lieutenant from Louisville Metro Dept of Corrections come over and get someone evicted	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Domestic Violence"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: It is not likely that a law enforcement officer from another state can evict you.
813	Q: Can I mail in my bankruptcy petition in Indiana?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Robert Gambrell	Bankruptcy Lawyer	"A: If you are filing pro se, you should call the bankruptcy court clerk's office to find out if mailing your petition to the clerk is acceptable.  However, you should take the time to reconsider filing for relief under the bankruptcy code without the assistance of counsel.  Last month, I was in court when a pro se litigant's issue was heard.  The judge admonished the pro se bankruptcy filer letting him know that this was the 2nd time that he had made a mistake that was adversely affecting his case and that if he (the debtor) did not retain counsel before the next hearing there would be no more time available to correct the mistakes that were made.  Most bankruptcy attorneys will provide you with a free consultation and you can meet with more than one attorney so that you feel comfortable that you are hiring a knowledgeable attorney that will be responsive to your needs."
814	Q: What is a reasonable royalty to pay for licensing a patent?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: There are many factors to consider in determining a reasonable royalty. Under Supreme Court precedent, there are 15 factors (known as the Georgia-Pacific factors) to consider in a patent infringement lawsuit. These were first articulated in Georgia-Pacific Corp. v. U.S. Plywood Corp., 318 F. Supp. 1116 (S.D.N.Y. 1970), and include: 1. The royalties received by the patentee for the licensing of the patent in suit, proving or tending to prove an established royalty. 2. The rates paid by the licensee for the use of other patents comparable to the patent in suit. 3. The nature and scope of the license, as exclusive or non-xclusive; or as restricted or non-restricted in terms of territory or with respect to whom the manufactured product may be sold. 4. The licensor’s established policy and marketing program to maintain his patent monopoly by not licensing others to use the invention or by granting licenses under special conditions designed to preserve that monopoly. 5. The commercial relationship between the licensor and licensee, such as, whether they are competitors in the same territory in the same line of business; or whether they are inventor and promotor. 6. The effect of selling the patented specialty in promoting sales of other products of the licensee; the existing value of the invention to the licensor as a generator of sales of his non-patented items; and the extent of such derivative or convoyed sales. 7. The duration of the patent and the term of the license. 8. The established profitability of the product made under the patent; its commercial success; and its current popularity. 9. The utility and advantages of the patent property over the old modes or devices, if any, that had been used for working out similar results. 10. The nature of the patented invention; the character of the commercial embodiment of it as owned and produced by the licensor; and the benefits to those who have used the invention. 11. The extent to which the infringer has made use of the invention; and any evidence probative of the value of that use. 12. The portion of the profit or of the selling price that may be customary in the particular business or in comparable businesses to allow for the use of the invention or analogous inventions. 13. The portion of the realizable profit that should be credited to the invention as distinguished from non-patented elements, the manufacturing process, business risks, or significant features or improvements added by the infringer. 14. The opinion testimony of qualified experts. 15. The amount that a licensor (such as the patentee) and a licensee (such as the infringer) would have agreed upon (at the time the infringement began) if both had been reasonably and voluntarily trying to reach an agreement; that is, the amount which a prudent licensee — who desired, as a business proposition, to obtain a license to manufacture and sell a particular article embodying the patented invention — would have been willing to pay as a royalty and yet be able to make a reasonable profit and which amount would have been acceptable by a prudent patentee who was willing to grant a license.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
815	Q: What is a collective membership mark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: A certification mark is any word, phrase, symbol or design, or a combination thereof owned by one party who certifies the goods and services of others when they meet certain standards. The owner of the mark exercises control over the use of the mark; however, because the sole purpose of a certification mark is to indicate that certain standards have been met, use of the mark is by others.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
816	Q: What is the fair labor standard act ?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: The Fair Labor Standards Act (FLSA) sets minimum wage, overtime pay, equal pay, record keeping requirements and child labor standards.

A good analysis is here: http://resources.lawinfo.com/en/Legal-FAQs/Labor-Employment/Federal/what...

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
817	Q: Is a tax warrant a violation of probation? Probation is for domestic violence with ex wife. Warrant from taxes 2011	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Not if it arose from conduct before probation was ordered, usually."
818	Q: Can I get a star named after me and claim copyright to it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Vincent Thomas Lyon	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: Star registries are a money making plot.  You don't actually get anything as nobody has the ""right"" to name a star and there's no official star naming body.

I could name Jupiter ""Walter"" but doing so would be meaningless as there is no statutory system or basis for naming the planets.  It is just tradition.

So as Mr Overhauser said, they may print a book and your name in the book would be part of their copyright, but the star remains whatever people call it by tradition."
819	Q: Can a leagl guardian of elderly person take money from her Social Security without courts permission?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Elder Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	A: it depends on the terms of the guardianship but either way the person should have to account for it. you are welcome to call our ken wilk and over the phone he should be able to answer any specific question.  there is no charge for just calling.
820	Q: Q: Rephrase: I inherited a house and all of its contents. A safe is in the house. Do I not own the contents of the safe?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Yes.  However, if there is a deed for property naming someone else, you would not be entitled to the property in the deed."
821	Q: Can emails  stating there is an agreement  override the fact that you can't have a verbal agreement to buy a house?	I have several emails discussing that we took over the house and that the seller would write an agreement. This never happen and now she wants to change the agreement after we have paid on it for 2 years. Can I stop her from doing this?	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	2	Michael Ray Smith	"Fishers, IN"	"A: I agree with Mr. Snyderman.  In addition to the question of whether the email messages contain enough documentation of the essential terms, there can also be a question of whether the email messages are ""signed.""   

However, the situation that you describe presents a slightly different question than whether email messages can satisfy the statute of frauds (the legal name for the requirement that some contracts, including contracts for the sale of real estate, must be in writing and signed).  There are a number of exceptions to the statute of frauds, and at least two of them may apply to the situation you describe.  One exception is if the other side admits that a contract existed, and it seems unlikely that the seller would deny that a contract exists. Another exception is if the contract has been partially performed -- for example by the seller transferring possession of the property to the buyer and the buyer making payments.  If a situation falls into an exception to the statute of frauds, there is no requirement for a written document.  Instead, the problem becomes to prove the exact terms of the agreement, and that can be done by any admissible evidence, and the email messages may well be admissible evidence (assuming they actually state what the terms of the original agreement actually were).  Terms of the contract can also be established by testimony; of course, the seller's testimony may contradict the buyer's testimony, in which case the judge or jury would have to decide who to believe. 

I suggest you consult an attorney -- and make sure you give the attorney copies of the messages and any other documents that might be relevant."
822	Q: Do I have to incorporate or get an LLC to file for a trademark?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: No you do not need to be a corporation or LLC. You just need to be the owner of the trademark to file an application for registration. The owner controls the use of the mark, and controls the nature and quality of the goods to which it is affixed, or the services for which it is used. The owner may be an individual, corporation, partnership, LLC, or other type of legal entity.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
823	"Q: Husband wants divorce, no kids--9 years married. His name only on house, I'm disabled have low income. Will we split all"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: More information is needed to answer your question accurately. Every divorce, just like every marriage, is unique to the people and circumstances. It would be best to talk to a local attorney who can know all of the facts to answer your specific questions. 

Best of luck!"
824	"Q: Mother in law wont return our truck and husbands tools since his death Sept 10,2010 police wont help and now she is titl"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: Please rephrase. it appears that part of your question was cut off.
825	Q: I want to separate from my husband but he wont leave the home and has nowhere to go....what can I do?	"he has not worked in 5 years 

hes an alcoholic"	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Terrence H Thorgaard	"Freeport, FL"	"A: If you want your husband to leave the home, you will need a court order to that effect."
826	Q: I had an idea for an invention while working at WalMart in OH but don't work there now. Would they have any claim on it?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	1	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: Assuming you never signed an agreement with WalMart stating that you would assign inventions to them, it is very unlikely that WalMart has a claim on your invention. Except in instances where there is an agreement, or a particular employee was """"hired to invent,"""" the employee, not employer, owns rights to inventions made.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
827	Q: Where can I pick up divorce forms to fill out if my spouse and I have reached an agreement?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: You may be able to locate forms at www.in.gov.  I know, for sure, that you will be able to find initial forms.  I do not recall that there are agreement forms.   If not, hire an attorney for ths sole purpose of preparing the final documents.  Some attorneys will provide a specific service which is known as an unbundled service. An example can be seen at my website www.padovelaw.com.  Click on the fees link at the top of the page."
828	Q: Fence Placement - Property meets farm field - can fence be placed on the property line or does it need to be set-off?	"There was a fence when we originally moved here 33 yrs. ago and we were told that was the property line. Fence was removed several yrs. ago and then 6 yrs. ago owner had land ""surveyed"" and said fence was 5 ft. off of property line and has put up stakes. Now this year he is taking out trees, etc. that we thought were on our property. Up until 6 yrs. ago we kepted the fence row mowed now he mows it maybe twice a yr."	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: having a problem with a neighbor is very frustrating. however the last thing you want is to have it escalate.  your peace of mind is worth alot. it may be that the old fence was off line but since it is gone it shouldn't be an issue. re the trees, your remedy is to have your own survey but that is getting expensive. then if your survey is different that his survey then you have to get lawyers involved which is now a worse situation.  try to go through life without having to be the customer of a lawyer, doctor or policeman.  bottom line is to try and reach out to him so that you all become friendly neighbors."
829	Q: Name come up on database asign to name fd id tenn. Dba indiana	Grady cont. Company asign 751 north u.s.6 box 636 kendallville indiana 46755 father past away me the son asigian and susscesser for lots fd id in ten	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: I am having a lot of trouble understanding your question.
830	Q: I am considering prosecuting my father of sexual abuse that occurred when I was a child. But have a concern...	"I have evidence of this in my childhood journals (kept ages 9-12) and documenting the sexual acts in drawings and words. I also have support of family members, teachers, and friends who suspected the abuse was taking place but could never prove it because, as a child, I kept it secret. I feel pressing charges might finally allow me some closure, because the abuse went on for years and gas caused me a lot of guilt and pain. However I am worried my father will fight back accusing me of false reporting or something like that. My dad is a very intimidating and convincing man with strong community connections and no prior criminal history. It's my childhood journal, my word, and the suspicious of others against him. If for some reason I do not win the case, what possibility exists, however small, that I could end up being charged with anything along the lines of falso reporting?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	A: You are simply not going to get adequate answers in a complex matter like this on the internet. The statute of limitations appears to be 20 years in your state. You did not give enough information to make a conclusion regarding that aspect of the case. Go see a local attorney about this.
831	Q: My boyfriend was pulled over with four ounces of method 19 opana pills and a ak-47 assault rifle but they did not	Take him to jail until two days later can they do that	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: Yes, they can do that."
832	Q: I live in florida and my 14 yr old daughter is with her dad in indiana. how can i fight for custody?	"We were divorced 11 years ago and i was homeless due to the divorce so i didnt contest custody at that time and wasnt found ""unfit"" or anything. her dad was good to her in the beginning but it has changed. hes never taken her to the doctor/dentist, doesnt help with school and has left her home every night alone while he works 3rd shift. he drinks heavily. i have a great job and a nice place for her to live and she wants to be with me. what can i do?"	"Related Topics:
            
            Child Custody"	1	Burton A. Padove	Divorce Lawyer	A: You can hire counsel and present a Verified Petition to Modify Custody in the court that granted your divorce (I am assuming that this was in Indiana).
833	Q: My Lawyer wants to be dismissed from my personal injury case.  What happens to my court case if my lawyer is dismissed	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Charles Snyderman	"Wilmington, DE"	A: You have 2 options. Retain a substitute attorney or prepare to represent yourself in court.
834	Q: Can you get child support payments terminated if the kids no longer live with the parent receiving payments?	He has custody and is paying her because the kids were staying with her during the school week. This is no longer the case. The kids are staying exclusively with him now and have been for a month. She basically does nothing for the kids. Can the order to pay child support to her be reversed or struck down?	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: Yes. The child support obligation can be modified whenever there is a ""significant change in circumstances."" Generally a significant change in circumstances is when the income, or the parenting time obligation changes by 20% or greater. It sounds, from the limited facts presented, that this would apply. You should talk to a local lawyer to whom you can give all of the facts as soon as possible because a modification will only be ordered back to the date of the petition, not the date of the change in circumstances. 

Best of luck!"
							
	Q: I am a state witness according to a subpoena for a domestic violence case against my bf dont want to go what happens	Forced to be a witness in a domestic battery case against my boyfriend whom faces a misdemeanor A charge.....what happens if I do not show? statistically do judges come after the witness for the violation?	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	A: You should contact the prosecutor and indicate that you do not wish to proceed.  Under no circumstances should you not appear if you have been subpoenaed.
	Q: How Long does someone have to take care of a piece of property before it legally becomes theirs in indiana	Don't have survey. Realtor told us she didnt know where property line were but guessed. Neighbors lied to me when first moved in where property lines were. Just found that out from friend showing me that i could view my property lines on the county assessor's page. Been living here almost 3 years and they have just planted plants on our property. What can I do?	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Mr Jeffrey D Heck	"Carmel, IN"	"A: This is a question of ""adverse possession."" Time is only one element that you would have to prove in court in a Quiet Title action. Ten years under a belief that you own it with the proper owner having the ability to learn that you are possessing it are some of the key elements. Your claim may already have failed because you are investigating the matter after only 3 years. 

Previous owners who acted like it was theirs and sold it under that impression can be ""tacked on"" to your time period to attempt to reach the ten year period.

There is some old case law that requires the paying of property taxes, too. This case law has been pulled back in recent years, but be aware that many people still mutter about taxes when these issues arise."
	Q: In a domestic dispute can a Lieutenant from Louisville Metro Dept of Corrections come over and get someone evicted	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Domestic Violence"	2	Terrence Rubino	"Dyer, IN"	"A: a law enforcement office can have authority to carry out/enforce a court order, such as a protective order. it depends on the situation."
	Q: It is possible for a small business protect a original clothing line from copycat?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Intellectual Property"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Yes it is. Clothing designs can be protected by copyrights, patents (usually design patents) and by trademarks. There is also new federal legislation under consideration to provide a stronger form of protection for clothing designs, but at the moment, it does not look like it will be passed soon. You should consult with an intellectual property attorney for more specifics. Feel free to email me if you would like to follow up.

Paul Overhauser

www.iniplaw.org

www.overhauser.com

317- 891-1500"
	"Q: I housed and fed a brother & his kids, he did the cooking, cleaning and maint. at the house.  Can I sue for support from"	The worthless mother of these kids?  This went on for more than three years.	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	A: The only people who are entitled to support are the parents of the children. If you charged your brother rent and it added to his expenses he should be able to have child support modified to reflect the added expense.
	Q: Ex is held harmless for credit card I was to pay. Now he filed Chapter 7 and I'm filing next week. Is CC dischargeable?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Bankruptcy"	1	Timothy Coe	Bankruptcy Lawyer	A: Credit cards are dis-chargeable in bankruptcy even if you are ordered to pay it by the state court.
	Q: I have a lawsuite for an over time wage claim and i want to know if the offer my lawyer gave me was fair	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Employment Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Your best bet would be to contact a second attorney to get a second opinion.

Paul Overhauser

www.overhauser.com

317 891-1500"
	Q: Who is to be contacted in issues of children after a divorce decree is finalized?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	2	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: Usually, i the parties cannot agree and the decree does not contain a mediation or arbitration clause, the court where the decree was entered if any of the parties still live in the state."
	Q: Who were the lawyers in th schenkvs untied states case?!	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Military Law"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Schenk v. US is a famouns case, reported at 249 U.S. 47.  However, becuase the case is very old, Decided March 3, 1919, they did not publish the attonreys names in the opinions like they do now.

You can read the opinion here: http://supreme.justia.com/us/249/47/case.html

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
	"Q: Can my siblings and I, as co-trustees, sell our parents' home by land contract to one of the grandchildren?"	"My Mom is still living, but has not lived in the home for 4 years."	"Related Topics:
            
            Real Estate Law"	1	Robert Jason De Groot	"Deltona, FL"	"A: Don't you realize that an attorney has to read the trust in order to be able to answer your question? If you want actual legal advice about a document, the trust, the attorney must be able to read the document. You might choose to take the document to the attorney who drafted the trust, or you might choose any attorney who does trusts. The only answer we can give is that it depends upon the terms in the trust."
	Q: Can I sue if my son as concussion?	"Can I sue if my son has a concussion?  My son was hurt in church van, speed limit 35 and yet he has a concussion, other kids telling him to slow down but kept speeding, slammed on the brakes so he wouldn't hit a car and son face hit the glass so hard that it busted his nose."	"Related Topics:
            
            Personal Injury"	1	Adam Studnicki	"Phoenix, AZ"	"A: You can talk to a lawyer about making a claim against whichever drivers were negligence in the incident. 

Please Take Notice:  I am not your lawyer unless we enter into an engagement agreement in writing. This is only general information.  It is NOT legal advice, and it may not work for your specific situation. It is impossible to evaluate a legal problem without a comprehensive consultation and review of all the relevant facts and documents.  I strongly encourage you to consult with a local lawyer to get legal advice and help with your specific situation at your earliest convenience.  I am licensed to practice law in Arizona."
	Q: What do I have to do to visit my father who is being taken care of at home and suffering from late stage Alzheimer's?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Family Law"	1	Timothy Coe	"Westfield, IN"	"A: We would need MUCH more information than that to answer this question. With the question posed as it is my answer would be, drive over there."
	Q: Do you have to register a copyright to take advantage of copyright law?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Copyright"	2	Timothy James Walton	Intellectual Property Lawyer	"A: You also have to register at some point before filing a suit for infringement, even if you have lost the opportunity for statutory damages and attorneys' fees."
	Q: What is valid marriage?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Divorce"	1	Burton A. Padove	"Highland, IN"	"A: A valid marriage is one that has taken place purusant to all of the

legal requirments without fraud, duress or other possibleffe grounds of annulment."
	Q: Should I conduct a search for similar trademarks before filing an application?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Trademark"	1	Paul Overhauser	"Indianapolis, IN"	"A: Yes, this is always a good idea.  Actually, you should conduct a search before you even start using a mark, to reduce the risk that another trademark owner will send you a ""cease and desist"" letter after you have invested money in promoting your trademark.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser"
	Q: What is the difference between a provisional and a non-provisional patent application?	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Patents"	2	Paul Overhauser	Patents Lawyer	"A: A ""provisional"" patent application is not a ""real"" patent application in the sense that it will not result in the issuance of a patent.  However, it establishes a date of invention.   You then have 12 months to file a ""non-provisional"" patent application which claims the benefit of the earlier-filed non-provisional.  The non-provisional application is usually more detailed and costs more money to prepare and file.

Paul Overhauser

317 891-1500

www.overhauser.com"
	"Q: In Indiana,   if an umarried couple bought property in both names, one of them passes away w no will, can the other sell"	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Estate Planning"	1	Michael Ray Smith	Estate Planning Lawyer	"A: It depends on whether the couple owned the property as joint tenants or as tenants in common, which can be determined from the deed.  If they owned it as joint tenants, the deceased person's 1/2 interest in the property automatically passed to the surviving member of the couple, and he or she can sell the property.  Before doing so, the survivor will need to ""clean up"" the title record by signing a document called an affidavit of survivorship, having it notarized, and recording it in the office of the county recorder.

Things are different if the property was held as tenants in common.  In that case, the deceased person's 1/2 interest in the property passes to his or her heirs under the rules of intestate succession, and it will probably have to go through probate.  The surviving member of the couple will not be able to sell the property unless the other co-owner also agrees to sell."
	Q: I have a warrant fta probation misdameanor i completed 28 days treatment and 3 month recovery home i dont want jail	null	"Related Topics:
            
            Criminal Law"	1	JR Emerson	Criminal Law Lawyer	"A: You may not have to serve any jail time, but it all depends upon the circumstances of your case and the Judge.  However, you need to speak with an attorney about the specifics of your case so that together you can determine the best path forward.  Congratulations on your recovery."
